docs/nodes/credentials/Asana/README.md, before:

---
permalink: /credentials/asana
---

# Asana

You can find information about the operations supported by the Asana node on the [integrations](https://n8n.io/integrations/n8n-nodes-base.asana) page. You can also browse the source code of the node on [GitHub](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n/tree/master/packages/nodes-base/nodes/Asana).

The following is a summary based off Asana's own [documentation](https://developers.asana.com/docs/authentication-basics) regarding authentication.


## Prerequisites

Create an [Asana](https://www.Asana.com/) account.

<!-- ## Using OAuth

1. Open your Asana dashboard.
2. Click on your user icon in the top right of the window.
3. Click on "My Profile Settings".
4. Click on the Apps tab.
5. Click on "Manage Developer Apps".
6. Click on "New App".
7. Enter name and Create app.
8. Copy the Client ID and Client Secret to be used in your n8n Asana node credentials.
9. In the redirect URL enter the provided n8n redirect URL found in the Asana's node credentials creation settings. ![Redirect URL Explanation here](../README.md)

![Getting Asana credentials](./using-oauth.gif) -->

## Using Access Token

1. Open your Asana dashboard.
2. Click on your user icon in the top right of the window.
3. Click on ***My Profile Settings***.
4. Click on the ***Apps*** tab.
5. Click on ***Manage Developer Apps***.
6. Click on ***New access token*** under the ***Personal access tokens*** section.
7. Enter a name for the access token and agree to the API terms and conditions.
8. Click on the ***Create token*** button.
9. Copy the token and use it with your Asana node credentials in n8n.

![Getting Asana credentials](./using-access-token.gif)

Commit message:

:sparkles: Add Asana OAuth2 credential docs

docs/nodes/credentials/Asana/README.md, after:

---
permalink: /credentials/asana
---

# Asana

You can find information about the operations supported by the Asana node on the [integrations](https://n8n.io/integrations/n8n-nodes-base.asana) page. You can also browse the source code of the node on [GitHub](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n/tree/master/packages/nodes-base/nodes/Asana).

The following is a summary based off Asana's own [documentation](https://developers.asana.com/docs/authentication-basics) regarding authentication.


## Prerequisites

Create an [Asana](https://www.Asana.com/) account.

## Using OAuth

1. Open your Asana dashboard.
2. Click on your user icon in the top right.
3. Click on ***My Profile Settings...***.
4. Click on the ***Apps*** tab.
5. Click on ***Manage Developer Apps***.
6. Click on ***New App***.
7. Enter a name, accept the 'API terms and conditions' and click on ***Create app***.
8. Copy the ***OAuth Callback URL*** from n8n and paste it in the ***Redirect URLs*** field and click ***Add***.
9. Use the provided ***Client ID*** and ***Client secret*** with your Asana OAuth2 API credentials in n8n.
10. Click on the circle button in the OAuth section to connect an Asana account to n8n.
11. Click the ***Save*** button to save your credentials in n8n.

![Getting Asana credentials](./using-oauth.gif)

## Using Access Token

1. Open your Asana dashboard.
2. Click on your user icon in the top right of the window.
3. Click on ***My Profile Settings***.
4. Click on the ***Apps*** tab.
5. Click on ***Manage Developer Apps***.
6. Click on ***New access token*** under the ***Personal access tokens*** section.
7. Enter a name for the access token and agree to the API terms and conditions.
8. Click on the ***Create token*** button.
9. Copy the token and use it with your Asana node credentials in n8n.

![Getting Asana credentials](./using-access-token.gif)
