docs/nodes/credentials/Facebook/README.md, before:

---
permalink: /credentials/facebookGraph
description: Learn to configure credentials for the Facebook node in n8n
---

# Facebook

You can use these credentials to authenticate the following nodes with Facebook.
- [Facebook Graph API](../../nodes-library/nodes/FacebookGraphApi/README.md)
- [Facebook Trigger](../../nodes-library/trigger-nodes/FacebookTrigger/README.md)

## Prerequisites

Create a [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/) account.

## Using Access Token

***Note:*** If you are using the [Facebook Trigger]() node add the ***Webhooks*** product from the ***Add a Product*** section on the dashboard.

1. Access [Facebook for Developers portal](https://developers.facebook.com/).
2. Click on "My Apps".
3. Access your app. Create an app if you don't already have one.
4. Access the [Facebook Graph API Explorer](https://developers.facebook.com/tools/explorer/).
5. Select your app under the *Facebook App* dropdown list on the right sidebar.
6. Click on the 'Generate Access Token' button and login with your facebook account.
6. Use generated access token with your Facebook node credentials in n8n.

![Getting Facebook credentials](./using-access-token.gif)

Commit message:

⚡ Add Facebook App credentials documentation

docs/nodes/credentials/Facebook/README.md, after:

---
permalink: /credentials/facebookGraph
description: Learn to configure credentials for the Facebook node in n8n
---

# Facebook

You can use these credentials to authenticate the following nodes with Facebook.
- [Facebook Graph API](../../nodes-library/nodes/FacebookGraphApi/README.md)

**Note:** If you want to create credentials for the [Facebook Trigger](../../nodes-library/trigger-nodes/FacebookTrigger/README.md) node, follow the instructions mentioned in the [Facebook App](../FacebookApp/README.md) credentials documentation.

## Prerequisites

Create a [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/) account.

## Using Access Token

1. Access [Facebook for Developers portal](https://developers.facebook.com/).
2. Click on "My Apps".
3. Access your app. Create an app if you don't already have one.
4. Access the [Facebook Graph API Explorer](https://developers.facebook.com/tools/explorer/).
5. Select your app under the *Facebook App* dropdown list on the right sidebar.
6. Click on the 'Generate Access Token' button and login with your facebook account.
6. Use generated access token with your Facebook node credentials in n8n.

![Getting Facebook credentials](./using-access-token.gif)
