docs/nodes/credentials/Drift/README.md, before:

---
permalink: /credentials/drift
---

# Drift

You can find information about the operations supported by the Drift node on the [integrations](https://n8n.io/integrations/n8n-nodes-base.drift) page. You can also browse the source code of the node on [GitHub](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n/tree/master/packages/nodes-base/nodes/Drift).

## Prerequisites

Create a [Drift](https://www.drift.com/) account.

## Using OAuth

1. Access [your Drift apps](https://dev.drift.com/apps).
2. Select your App (or create a new one).
3. Click on "Manage".
4. Click on "App Credentials".
5. Use Client Secret and Client ID with your Drift Node credentials in n8n.
6. Enter n8n provided redirect URL in configuration. Redirect URL Explanation [here](../README.md).


## Using Access Token

1. Access [your Drift apps](https://dev.drift.com/apps).
2. Select your App (or create a new one).
3. Click on "Manage".
4. Click on "Installing to Drift".
5. Use token with your Drift Node credentials in n8n.

![Getting Drift credentials](./using-access-token.gif)

Commit message:

:zap: Improve Drift OAuth credentials

docs/nodes/credentials/Drift/README.md, after:

---
permalink: /credentials/drift
---

# Drift

You can find information about the operations supported by the Drift node on the [integrations](https://n8n.io/integrations/n8n-nodes-base.drift) page. You can also browse the source code of the node on [GitHub](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n/tree/master/packages/nodes-base/nodes/Drift).

## Prerequisites

Create a [Drift](https://www.drift.com/) account.

## Using OAuth

1. Access [your Drift apps](https://dev.drift.com/apps).
2. Click on the 'Build Your App' button. You can also select an existing app if you already have one.
3. Enter a name in the ***App name*** field.
4. Click on 'Oauth & Scopes' in the sidebar.
5. Copy your OAuth Callback URL from the 'Create New Credentials' screen in n8n and paste in the ***Add Redirect URL*** field and click 'Add'.
6. Click on 'App Credentials' in the sidebar.
7. Use the 'Client ID' and 'Secret ID' with your Drift OAuth2 API node credentials in n8n.
8. Click on the circle button in the OAuth section to connect your Drift account to n8n.
9. Click the ***Save*** button to save your credentials.

![Getting Drift OAuth credentials](./using-oauth.gif)


## Using Access Token

1. Access [your Drift apps](https://dev.drift.com/apps).
2. Select your App (or create a new one).
3. Click on "Manage".
4. Click on "Installing to Drift".
5. Use token with your Drift Node credentials in n8n.

![Getting Drift credentials](./using-access-token.gif)
