docs/nodes/credentials/AWS/README.md, before:

---
permalink: /credentials/aws
description: Learn to configure credentials for the AWS nodes in n8n
---

# AWS

You can use these credentials to authenticate the following nodes with AWS.
- [AWS Lambda](../../nodes-library/nodes/AWSLambda/README.md)
- [AWS Rekognition](../../nodes-library/nodes/AWSRekognition/README.md)
- [AWS S3](../../nodes-library/nodes/AWSS3/README.md)
- [AWS SES](../../nodes-library/nodes/AWSSES/README.md)
- [AWS SNS](../../nodes-library/nodes/AWSSNS/README.md)
- [AWS SNS Trigger](../../nodes-library/trigger-nodes/AWSSNSTrigger/README.md)



## Prerequisites

Create an [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/) account.

## Using Access Token

1. Open your AWS Management Console.
2. Click on your name on the top right and select 'My Security Credentials' from the dropdown.
3. Under the Access keys dropdown, click on the 'Create New Access Key' button.
4. Click on 'Show Access Key' to retrieve your ID and key for use with your AWS node credentials in n8n.

![Getting AWS credentials](./using-access-token.gif)

Commit message:

✨Add documentation for AWS Comprehend node

docs/nodes/credentials/AWS/README.md, after:

---
permalink: /credentials/aws
description: Learn to configure credentials for the AWS nodes in n8n
---

# AWS

You can use these credentials to authenticate the following nodes with AWS.

- [AWS Comprehend](../../nodes-library/nodes/AWSComprehend/README.md)
- [AWS Lambda](../../nodes-library/nodes/AWSLambda/README.md)
- [AWS Rekognition](../../nodes-library/nodes/AWSRekognition/README.md)
- [AWS S3](../../nodes-library/nodes/AWSS3/README.md)
- [AWS SES](../../nodes-library/nodes/AWSSES/README.md)
- [AWS SNS](../../nodes-library/nodes/AWSSNS/README.md)
- [AWS SNS Trigger](../../nodes-library/trigger-nodes/AWSSNSTrigger/README.md)

## Prerequisites

Create an [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/) account.

## Using Access Token

1. Open your [AWS Management Console](https://console.aws.amazon.com).
2. Click on your name on the top right and select 'My Security Credentials' from the dropdown.
3. Click on the ***Create New Access Key*** button, under the ***Access keys (access key ID and secret access key)*** section
4. Click on the ***Show Access Key*** button.
5. Copy the displayed Access Key ID.
6. Enter the name for your credentials in the ***Credentials Name*** field in the 'AWS' credentials in n8n.
7. Paste the Access Key ID in the ***Access Key ID*** field in the 'AWS' credentials in n8n.
8. Copy the secret access key from your AWS console.
9. Paste the secret access key in the ***Secret Access Key*** field in the 'AWS' credentials in n8n.
10. Click the ***Create*** button to save your credentials in n8n.

**Note:** If you're running your AWS instance in a different region, please update the ***Region*** field accordingly.

The following video demonstrates the steps mentioned above.

<div class="video-container">
<iframe width="840" height="472.5" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/zJgHOSSwC4A" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>
