docs/te2/fellow-te2-plugin.md, before:

---
title: "Fellow TE² Plugin"
date: "2021-07-05"
---

Welcome to Fellow TE² Plugin for Ephesoft Transact!



<div class="video-container">
<iframe width="840" height="472.5" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/Nmr-R3jb0Fw" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

The FellowTE² Plugin is a cloud-based repository solution for Ephesoft Transact software which is focused on extracting autonomously and automatically the line items in a table.

Through the cloud-based Fellow Table Extraction Repository, you access a pool of rules from all users of the plugin.

![KV Repository](/_images/kv2/FellowKV_Repository-4.png)

This solution works is by analyzing two factors. The first one, is the detection of the location of the table in the document (1). Second is to map the results/data with the standard schema in order to be properly extracted to the ERP system (2).

It is important that the column caption is recognized and can be assigned to the correct values. The “accuracy” becomes higher, the more synonyms are assigned to a column caption.

(1) The recognition function detects where the table starts and ends. The mapping of the data can be conducted across all tables.

![Table](/_images/te/Tabel.png)

(2) The standard schema for mapping columns is configured by Fellow Consulting AG. That means that standard columns like position, description, amount, etc. are included in this mapping file:

- Position
- Item number
- Description
- Quantity
- Unit price
- Total amount

Commit message:

changes text, added description and tags

docs/te2/fellow-te2-plugin.md, after:

---
title: "TE² Plugin"
description: The TE² Plugin is a cloud-based repository solution for Ephesoft Transact software which is focused on extracting autonomously and automatically the line items in a table. Through the cloud-based Table Extraction Repository, you access a pool of rules from all users of the plugin.
date: "2021-07-05"
tags:
  - TE²
  - Plugin
  - Ephesoft
  - Table Extraction
  - Repository
---

Welcome to Fellow TE² Plugin for Ephesoft Transact!



<div class="video-container">
<iframe width="840" height="472.5" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/Nmr-R3jb0Fw" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

The TE² Plugin is a cloud-based repository solution for Ephesoft Transact software which is focused on extracting autonomously and automatically the line items in a table.

Through the cloud-based Fellow Table Extraction Repository, you access a pool of rules from all users of the plugin.

![KV Repository](/_images/kv2/FellowKV_Repository-4.png)

This solution works is by analyzing two factors. The first one, is the detection of the location of the table in the document (1). Second is to map the results/data with the standard schema in order to be properly extracted to the ERP system (2).

It is important that the column caption is recognized and can be assigned to the correct values. The “accuracy” becomes higher, the more synonyms are assigned to a column caption.

(1) The recognition function detects where the table starts and ends. The mapping of the data can be conducted across all tables.

![Table](/_images/te/Tabel.png)

(2) The standard schema for mapping columns is configured by PolyDocs GmbH i. Gr. That means that standard columns like position, description, amount, etc. are included in this mapping file:

- Position
- Item number
- Description
- Quantity
- Unit price
- Total amount
