docs/nodes/nodes-library/trigger-nodes/MailjetTrigger/README.md, before:

---
permalink: /nodes/n8n-nodes-base.mailjetTrigger
---

# Mailjet Trigger

[Mailjet](https://www.mailjet.com/) is a cloud-based email sending and tracking system. The platform allows professionals to send both marketing emails and transactional emails. It includes tools for designing emails, sending massive volumes and tracking these messages.

::: tip 🔑 Credentials
The instructions for authenticating with Mailjet are [here](../../../credentials/Mailjet/README.md).
:::


## Example Usage

This workflow allows you to receive updates when emails are sent in Mailjet. You can also find the [workflow](https://n8n.io/workflows/521) on the website. This example usage workflow would use the following node.
- [Mailjet Trigger]()

The final workflow should look like the following image.

![A workflow with the Mailjet Trigger node](./workflow.png)


### 1. Mailjet Trigger node

1. First of all, you'll have to enter credentials for the Mailjet Trigger node. You can find out how to do that [here](../../../credentials/Mailjet/README.md).
2. Select the `email.sent` option from the *Event* dropdown list to receive updates when an email is sent.
3. Click on *Execute Node* to run the workflow.

Commit message:

:bug: Improve consistency for Mailchimp and Mailjet Trigger nodes (#44)

docs/nodes/nodes-library/trigger-nodes/MailjetTrigger/README.md, after:

---
permalink: /nodes/n8n-nodes-base.mailjetTrigger
---

# Mailjet Trigger

[Mailjet](https://www.mailjet.com/) is a cloud-based email sending and tracking system. The platform allows professionals to send both marketing emails and transactional emails. It includes tools for designing emails, sending massive volumes and tracking these messages.

::: tip 🔑 Credentials
You can find authentication information for this node [here](../../../credentials/Mailjet/README.md).
:::


## Example Usage

This workflow allows you to receive updates when emails are sent in Mailjet. You can also find the [workflow](https://n8n.io/workflows/521) on the website. This example usage workflow would use the following node.
- [Mailjet Trigger]()

The final workflow should look like the following image.

![A workflow with the Mailjet Trigger node](./workflow.png)


### 1. Mailjet Trigger node

1. First of all, you'll have to enter credentials for the Mailjet Trigger node. You can find out how to do that [here](../../../credentials/Mailjet/README.md).
2. Select the `email.sent` option from the *Event* dropdown list to receive updates when an email is sent.
3. Click on *Execute Node* to run the workflow.
