document-templates/trigger-nodes.md, before:

<!--
# How to use this template

1. Make a new branch. If working on an internal ticket, include it at the start of the name. For example, DOC-123-feature-summary.
2. Create a new file, or find the file you want to edit, in integrations/builtin/trigger-nodes/. If creating a new file, pay attention to the naming conventions: it should match the node name in the codex file. For example, in the Active Campaign trigger node, the codex file (https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n/blob/master/packages/nodes-base/nodes/ActiveCampaign/ActiveCampaignTrigger.node.json) reads: `"node": "n8n-nodes-base.activeCampaignTrigger"`. So the app node file name is n8n-nodes-base.activeCampaignTrigger.
3. Copy the template into the file (don't copy this comment).
4. Placeholder text is in _italic_ or between <>. Make sure to replace it! 
5. Before publishing, delete any comments.

Use the style guide: https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n-docs/wiki
You can find more info on working with the docs project in the README: https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n-docs/blob/main/README.md

-->

<!-- 
The title should be the name of the integration, plus "trigger". For example, "Asana trigger"
Match the brand name exactly. For example, GitHub NOT Github
-->
# <Name> trigger

_Briefly summarize the service. This should be one or two sentences, and can often be copied from a product's own website._

## Related resources

### Credentials and app node

_Link to the credentials doc_

_Link to the related app node if it exists._

### Examples

* _List of links_
* _To blog posts_
* _And integrations marketing pages_


<!-- 
Add any other sections here. 
You should include: quirks, pain points, complex topics that trip people up
You should not include: basic usage examples
-->

Commit message:

release note, merge and gmail overhaul, docs for 3 new nodes

document-templates/trigger-nodes.md, after:

<!--
# How to use this template

1. Make a new branch. If working on an internal ticket, include it at the start of the name. For example, DOC-123-feature-summary.
2. Create a new file, or find the file you want to edit, in integrations/builtin/trigger-nodes/. If creating a new file, pay attention to the naming conventions: it should match the node name in the codex file. For example, in the Active Campaign trigger node, the codex file (https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n/blob/master/packages/nodes-base/nodes/ActiveCampaign/ActiveCampaignTrigger.node.json) reads: `"node": "n8n-nodes-base.activeCampaignTrigger"`. So the app node file name is n8n-nodes-base.activeCampaignTrigger.
3. Copy the template into the file (don't copy this comment).
4. Placeholder text is in _italic_ or between <>. Make sure to replace it! 
5. Before publishing, delete any comments.

Use the style guide: https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n-docs/wiki
You can find more info on working with the docs project in the README: https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n-docs/blob/main/README.md

-->

<!-- 
The title should be the name of the integration, plus "trigger". For example, "Asana trigger"
Match the brand name exactly. For example, GitHub NOT Github
-->
# <Name> trigger

_Briefly summarize the service. This should be one or two sentences, and can often be copied from a product's own website._

!!! note "Credentials"
    You can find authentication information for this node _here (link to credentials doc)_.

## Events

* _Bullet list_
* _Of events this node responds to_.

## Related resources

<!-- add a link to the service's documentation. This should usually go direct to the API docs -->
Refer to [_Name's_ documentation]() for details about the operations.

<!-- provide a link to the app node docs, if there is a trigger node for this service -->
n8n provides an app node for _Name_. You can find the node docs [here]().


<!-- this section is optional. Include it if we have good blog posts available -->
### Examples

* _List of links_
* _To blog posts_
* _And integrations marketing pages_


<!-- 
Add any other sections here. 
You should include: quirks, pain points, complex topics that trip people up
You should not include: basic usage examples
-->
