---
contentType: howto
---

# Storing n8n's binary data in S3

n8n can use [AWS S3](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/Welcome.html) as an external store for binary data produced by workflow executions. Other S3-compatible services like Cloudflare R2 and Backblaze B2 may work, but are not officially supported.

!!! info "Enterprise-tier feature"
    You will need an [Enterprise license key](/enterprise-key/) for external storage. If your license key has expired and you remain on S3 mode, the instance will be able to read from, but not write to, the S3 bucket.

## Usage

Binary data will be written to your n8n S3 bucket in this format:

```
workflows/{workflowId}/executions/{executionId}/binary_data/{binaryFileId}
```

If your instance stored data in S3 and was later switched to filesystem mode, the instance will continue to read any data that was stored in S3, as long as `s3` remains listed in `N8N_AVAILABLE_BINARY_DATA_MODES` and as long as your S3 credentials remain valid.

At this time, binary data pruning is based on the active binary data mode. For example, if your instance stored data in S3 and was later switched to filesystem mode, only binary data in the filesystem will be pruned. This may change in future.

## Setup

First, create and configure a bucket following the [official AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/creating-bucket.html). You can use the following policy, replacing `<bucket-name>` with the name of the bucket you created.

```json
{
	"Version": "2012-10-17",
	"Statement": [
		{
			"Sid": "VisualEditor0",
			"Effect": "Allow",
			"Action": ["s3:*"],
			"Resource": ["arn:aws:s3:::<bucket-name>", "arn:aws:s3:::<bucket-name>/*"]
		}
	]
}
```

Once you finish creating the bucket, you will have a host, bucket name and region, and an access key ID and secret access key. You will need to set them in n8n's environment.

```sh
export N8N_EXTERNAL_STORAGE_S3_HOST=...
export N8N_EXTERNAL_STORAGE_S3_BUCKET_NAME=...
export N8N_EXTERNAL_STORAGE_S3_BUCKET_REGION=...
export N8N_EXTERNAL_STORAGE_S3_ACCOUNT_ID=...
export N8N_EXTERNAL_STORAGE_S3_SECRET_KEY=...
```

Finally, instruct n8n to store binary data in S3 and start the server.

```sh
export N8N_AVAILABLE_BINARY_DATA_MODES=filesystem,s3
export N8N_DEFAULT_BINARY_DATA_MODE=s3
```
