docs/nodes/credentials/GetResponse/README.md, before:

---
permalink: /credentials/getResponse
description: Learn to configure credentials for the GetResponse node in n8n
---

# GetResponse

You can use these credentials to authenticate the following nodes with GetResponse.
- [GetResponse](../../nodes-library/nodes/GetResponse/README.md)

## Prerequisites

Create a [GetResponse](https://www.getresponse.com/) account.

## Using OAuth

::: tip ⚠️ Callback URL with GetResponse
**Note:** The Redirect URL should be a URL in your domain. For example, `https://mytemplatemaker.example.com/gr_callback`. GetResponse doesn't accept the localhost callback URL. Refer to the [FAQs](#_1-how-to-configure-the-oauth-credentials-for-the-local-environment) to learn to configure the credentials for the local environment.
:::

1. Access your [GetResponse dashboard](https://app.getresponse.com/dashboard).
2. Click on ***Menu*** and select 'Integrations and API'.
3. Click on the ***Custom apps*** tab.
4. Click on the ***Register your app*** button.
5. Enter all the necessary information.
6. Copy your OAuth Callback URL from the 'Create New Credentials' screen in n8n and paste it in the ***Redirect URL*** field.
7. Click on the ***Add*** button.
8. Use the provided ***Client ID*** and ***Client secret key*** with your GetResponse OAuth2 API credentials in n8n.
9. Click on the circle button in the OAuth section to connect a GetResponse account to n8n.
10. Click on the ***Save*** button to save your credentials in n8n.

![Getting GetResponse OAuth credentials](./using-oauth.gif)

## Using API Key

1. Access your [GetResponse dashboard](https://app.getresponse.com/dashboard).
2. Click on ***Menu*** and select 'Integrations and API'.
3. Click on the ***API*** tab.
4. Click on the ***Generate API key*** button.
5. Enter a name for your key.
6. Click on the ***Generate*** button.
7. Copy the ***API key*** that is displayed and use it with your GetResponse node credentials in n8n.

![Getting GetResponse API credentials](./using-api.gif)

## FAQs

### How to configure the OAuth credentials for the local environment?
GetResponse doesn't accept the localhost callback  URL. However, you can follow the steps mentioned below to configure the OAuth credentials for the local environment:
1. We will use [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) to expose the local server running on port `5678` to the internet. In your terminal, run the following command:
```sh
ngrok http 5678
```
2. Run the following command in a new terminal. Replace `<YOUR-NGROK-URL>` with the URL that you get from the previous step.
```sh
export WEBHOOK_TUNNEL_URL=<YOUR-NGROK-URL>
```
3. Start your n8n instance.
4. Follow the instructions mentioned in the [Using OAuth](#using-oauth) section to configure your credentials.
## Further Reference

- [OAuth 2.0 - Authorization Code](https://apidocs.getresponse.com/v3/case-study/oauth2-authorization-code)
- [Authentication - API key](https://apireference.getresponse.com/#section/Authentication)

Commit message:

✨Add documentation for GetResponse Trigger node

docs/nodes/credentials/GetResponse/README.md, after:

---
permalink: /credentials/getResponse
description: Learn to configure credentials for the GetResponse node in n8n
---

# GetResponse

You can use these credentials to authenticate the following nodes with GetResponse.
- [GetResponse](../../nodes-library/nodes/GetResponse/README.md)
- [GetResponse Trigger](../../nodes-library/trigger-nodes/GetResponseTrigger/README.md)

## Prerequisites

Create a [GetResponse](https://www.getresponse.com/) account.

## Using OAuth

::: tip ⚠️ Callback URL with GetResponse
**Note:** The Redirect URL should be a URL in your domain. For example, `https://mytemplatemaker.example.com/gr_callback`. GetResponse doesn't accept the localhost callback URL. Refer to the [FAQs](#_1-how-to-configure-the-oauth-credentials-for-the-local-environment) to learn to configure the credentials for the local environment.
:::

1. Open your [GetResponse dashboard](https://app.getresponse.com/dashboard).
2. Click on ***Menu*** and select 'Integrations and API'.
3. Click on the ***Custom apps*** tab.
4. Click on the ***Register your app*** button.
5. Enter all the necessary information.
6. Copy your OAuth Callback URL from the 'Create New Credentials' screen in n8n and paste it in the ***Redirect URL*** field.
7. Click on the ***Add*** button.
8. Click on the app you created to get the ***Client ID*** and the ***Client Secret***.
9. Copy the displayed ***Client ID***.
10. Enter a name for your credentials in the ***Credentials Name*** field in the 'GetResponse OAuth2 API' credentials in n8n.
11. Paste the Client ID in the ***Client ID*** field in the 'GetResponse OAuth2 API' credentials in n8n.
12. Copy the ***Client secret key*** from GetResponse.
13. Paste it in the ***Client Secret*** field in the 'GetResponse OAuth2 API' credentials in n8n.
14. Click on the circle button in the OAuth section to connect a GetResponse account to n8n.
15. Click on the ***Save*** button to save your credentials in n8n.

The following video demonstrates the steps mentioned above.

<div class="video-container">
<iframe width="840" height="472.5" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/UFMpTJyPY4w" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## Using API Key

1. Open your [GetResponse dashboard](https://app.getresponse.com/dashboard).
2. Click on ***Menu*** and select 'Integrations and API'.
3. Click on the ***API*** tab.
4. Click on the ***Generate API key*** button.
5. Enter a name for your key.
6. Click on the ***Generate*** button.
7. Copy the displayed ***API key***.
8. Enter a name for your credentials in the ***Credentials Name*** field in the 'GetResponse API' credentials in n8n.
9. Paste the API key in the ***API Key*** field in the 'GetResponse API' credentials in n8n.
10. Click the ***Create*** button to create your credentials in n8n.

The following video demonstrates the steps mentioned above.

<div class="video-container">
<iframe width="840" height="472.5" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/hs7nwmpQujk" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## FAQs

### How to configure the OAuth credentials for the local environment?
GetResponse doesn't accept the localhost callback  URL. However, you can follow the steps mentioned below to configure the OAuth credentials for the local environment:
1. We will use [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) to expose the local server running on port `5678` to the internet. In your terminal, run the following command:
```sh
ngrok http 5678
```
2. Run the following command in a new terminal. Replace `<YOUR-NGROK-URL>` with the URL that you get from the previous step.
```sh
export WEBHOOK_TUNNEL_URL=<YOUR-NGROK-URL>
```
3. Start your n8n instance.
4. Follow the instructions mentioned in the [Using OAuth](#using-oauth) section to configure your credentials.

## Further Reference

- [OAuth 2.0 - Authorization Code](https://apidocs.getresponse.com/v3/case-study/oauth2-authorization-code)
- [Authentication - API key](https://apireference.getresponse.com/#section/Authentication)
