docs/doc2/ocr-view.md, before:

---
title: "OCR View"
date: "2022-03-21"
tags:
  - DOC²
  - OCR
---

In the document view you have the possibility to open the OCR view for a document. This allows you to display the document in the pure OCR view without any formatting or similar.

To do this, import a document as usual and open it in the document view:

![](/_images/doc2/image-43-1024x374.png)

There you will find the "OCR" button:

![](/_images/doc2/image-44-1024x421.png)

When you click this button a new window will be opened which displays the document and its data in pure OCR view. This can be useful, for example, if data is not extracted correctly and you want to troubleshoot the actual values contained in the document and to be extracted:

![](/_images/doc2/image-45-1024x748.png)

In addition, the following button can be used to switch to the debug view. This allows to see exactly how DOC² extracts the individual values in the background and whether these are recognized correctly:

![](/_images/doc2/image-46.png)

![](/_images/doc2/image-47-1024x730.png)

Furthermore, the following button can be used to switch back to the document view:

![](/_images/doc2/image-48.png)

![](/_images/doc2/image-49-1024x613.png)

Commit message:

changes ocr-view and onboarding

docs/doc2/ocr-view.md, after:

---
title: "OCR View"
description: In the document view you have the possibility to open the OCR view for a document. This allows you to display the document in the pure OCR view without any formatting or similar.
date: "2022-03-21"
tags:
  - DOC²
  - OCR
---

In the document view you have the possibility to open the OCR view for a document. This allows you to display the document in the pure OCR view without any formatting or similar.

To do this, import a document as usual and open it in the document view:

![](/_images/doc2/image-43-1024x374.png)

There you will find the "OCR" button:

![](/_images/doc2/image-44-1024x421.png)

When you click this button a new window will be opened which displays the document and its data in pure OCR view. This can be useful, for example, if data is not extracted correctly and you want to troubleshoot the actual values contained in the document and to be extracted:

![](/_images/doc2/image-45-1024x748.png)

In addition, the following button can be used to switch to the debug view. This allows to see exactly how DOC² extracts the individual values in the background and whether these are recognized correctly:

![](/_images/doc2/image-46.png)

![](/_images/doc2/image-47-1024x730.png)

Furthermore, the following button can be used to switch back to the document view:

![](/_images/doc2/image-48.png)

![](/_images/doc2/image-49-1024x613.png)
