docs/doc2/zugpferd-and-peppol.md, before:

---
title: "Zugferd and Peppol"
date: "2022-03-03"
---

Export setting can be managed via "SETTINGS -> Export". You can find the option as follows.

From the Dashboard navigate to "SETTINGS":

![](/_images/doc2/image-29-1024x394.png)

In the settings navigate to "Export":

![](/_images/doc2/image-30-1024x389.png)

You need to create a new entry via the "ADD INTEGRATION" button:

![](/_images/doc2/image-31-1024x221.png)

In the following screen select either "Zugferd" or "Peppol BIS Billing 3.0" - depending on what you want to create the entry for:

![](/_images/doc2/image-34-1024x278.png)

## **Zugferd**

You will end up in the following screen. Please enter the information like in following example:

![](/_images/doc2/image-54-1024x461.png)

When you are done, click on "CONFIRM".

## **Peppol**

You will end up in the following screen. Please enter the information like in following example:

![](/_images/doc2/image-55.png)

When you are done, click on "CONFIRM".

The entries will appear in the overview. They can be edited or deleted via the action buttons:

![](/_images/doc2/image-39-1024x315.png)

In addition you need to enter your **Company Information**. You will find the menu in the [settings overview](https://docs.cloudintegration.eu/?post_type=docs&p=1644).

* * *

When everything is set up correctly new download buttons will appear in the dashboard after a document has been finished:

![](/_images/doc2/image-40.png)

One for Zugferd and one for Peppol:

![](/_images/doc2/image-42.png)

![](/_images/doc2/image-41.png)

Commit message:

Changes to DOC2 Export pages

docs/doc2/zugpferd-and-peppol.md, after:

---
title: "Zugferd and Peppol"
description: Export and Download documents as ZugferdPDF and Peppol BIS Billing
date: "2022-03-03"
tags:
  - DOC²
  - Export
  - Download
  - Zugferd
  - Peppol
---

Export setting can be managed via "SETTINGS -> Export". You can find the option as follows.

From the Dashboard navigate to "SETTINGS":

![](/_images/doc2/image-29-1024x394.png)

In the settings navigate to "Export":

![](/_images/doc2/image-30-1024x389.png)

You need to create a new entry via the "ADD INTEGRATION" button:

![](/_images/doc2/image-31-1024x221.png)

In the following screen select either "Zugferd" or "Peppol BIS Billing 3.0" - depending on what you want to create the entry for:

![](/_images/doc2/image-34-1024x278.png)

## **Zugferd**

You will end up in the following screen. Please enter the information like in following example:

![](/_images/doc2/image-54-1024x461.png)

When you are done, click on "CONFIRM".

## **Peppol**

You will end up in the following screen. Please enter the information like in following example:

![](/_images/doc2/image-55.png)

When you are done, click on "CONFIRM".

The entries will appear in the overview. They can be edited or deleted via the action buttons:

![](/_images/doc2/image-39-1024x315.png)

In addition you need to enter your **Company Information**. You will find the menu in the [settings overview](https://docs.cloudintegration.eu/?post_type=docs&p=1644).

* * *

When everything is set up correctly new download buttons will appear in the dashboard after a document has been finished:

![](/_images/doc2/image-40.png)

One for Zugferd and one for Peppol:

![](/_images/doc2/image-42.png)

![](/_images/doc2/image-41.png)
