docs/insight2/widgets/statistics.md, before:

---
id: statistics
title: Statistics
---

# Statistics

Statistics can be used to display different statistical information.



![Insight² - Star rating Widget](/_images/insight2/widgets/statistics/stats.png)



## Properties

### Primary value label

This property lets you add and remove primary value label.

### Primary value

This property lets you add and remove primary value,the actual amount can be represented here.

### Secondary value label

This property lets you add and remove secondary value label.

### Secondary value

This property lets you add and remove secondary value,the chnage in value can be represented here.

### Secondaory sign display

This property lets you add and secondary sign either positive or negative,can be used to represent positive(increase) or negative(decrease) movement.Default value is positive.

## Layout

### Show on desktop

Toggle on or off to display the widget in desktop view. You can programmatically determine the value by clicking on `Fx` to set the value `{{true}}` or `{{false}}`.

### Show on mobile

Toggle on or off to display the widget in mobile view. You can programmatically determine the value by clicking on `Fx` to set the value `{{true}}` or `{{false}}`.

## Styles

### Primary Label Colour

You can change the primary label color by entering the Hex color code or choosing a color of your choice from the color picker.

### Primary Text Colour

You can change the primary text color of the primary label by entering the Hex color code or choosing a color of your choice from the color picker.

### Secondary Label Colour

You can change the secondary label color of the primary label by entering the Hex color code or choosing a color of your choice from the color picker.

### Secondary Text Colour

You can change the secondary text color of the primary label by entering the Hex color code or choosing a color of your choice from the color picker.

### Visibility

Toggle on or off to control the visibility of the widget. You can programmatically change its value by clicking on the `Fx` button next to it. If `{{false}}` the widget will not be visible after the app is deployed. By default, it's set to `{{true}}`.

:::info
Any property having `Fx` button next to its field can be **programmatically configured**.
:::

Commit message:

improve title,descriptions and tags IN2

docs/insight2/widgets/statistics.md, after:

---
title: Statistics
description: Statistics can be used to display different statistical information.
tags:
  - Insight²
  - Widgets
  - Statistics
---


# Statistics

Statistics can be used to display different statistical information.



![Insight² - Star rating Widget](/_images/insight2/widgets/statistics/stats.png)



## Properties

### Primary value label

This property lets you add and remove primary value label.

### Primary value

This property lets you add and remove primary value,the actual amount can be represented here.

### Secondary value label

This property lets you add and remove secondary value label.

### Secondary value

This property lets you add and remove secondary value,the chnage in value can be represented here.

### Secondaory sign display

This property lets you add and secondary sign either positive or negative,can be used to represent positive(increase) or negative(decrease) movement.Default value is positive.

## Layout

### Show on desktop

Toggle on or off to display the widget in desktop view. You can programmatically determine the value by clicking on `Fx` to set the value `{{true}}` or `{{false}}`.

### Show on mobile

Toggle on or off to display the widget in mobile view. You can programmatically determine the value by clicking on `Fx` to set the value `{{true}}` or `{{false}}`.

## Styles

### Primary Label Colour

You can change the primary label color by entering the Hex color code or choosing a color of your choice from the color picker.

### Primary Text Colour

You can change the primary text color of the primary label by entering the Hex color code or choosing a color of your choice from the color picker.

### Secondary Label Colour

You can change the secondary label color of the primary label by entering the Hex color code or choosing a color of your choice from the color picker.

### Secondary Text Colour

You can change the secondary text color of the primary label by entering the Hex color code or choosing a color of your choice from the color picker.

### Visibility

Toggle on or off to control the visibility of the widget. You can programmatically change its value by clicking on the `Fx` button next to it. If `{{false}}` the widget will not be visible after the app is deployed. By default, it's set to `{{true}}`.

:fontawesome-solid-circle-info:{ style="color: #0F17E4" }
Any property having `Fx` button next to its field can be **programmatically configured**.
