docs/doc2/pomatching/po-matching-delivery-notes.md, before:

---
title: "PO Matching - Delivery Notes"
date: "2022-01-24"
tags:
  - DOC²
  - PO Matching 
  - Delivery Notes
---

+++DOCUMENTATION IN PROGRESS+++

If quantity of the ordered item(s) does not match the quantity on the invoice you need to start the match with received Delivery Note.

## Upload the Delivery Note in DOC2

![](/_images/doc2/DOC²_Dashboard_DeliveryNote-1024x501.png)

Here you will also find the red symbol, because the quantity on the delivery note does not match the quantity of the purchase order.

![](/_images/doc2/Screenshot-2022-01-26-at-18.02.16-1024x89.png)

Access the matching overview by clicking on the Matching Symbol on the dashboard.

![](/_images/doc2/DOC²_deliverynote_POmatching_after-field-validation-1024x557.png)

Or by choosing PO Matching in the lower right corner when you have opened the document.

![](/_images/doc2/DOC²_Matching_Overview-1024x556.png)

The matches can now be corrected:  
  
The “x” would delete the match on the invoice.  
  
A new match from the purchase order can be added to the delivery note by dragging and dropping the appropriate data row(s).

![](/_images/doc2/Screenshot-2022-01-28-at-11.25.58-1024x640.png)

![](/_images/doc2/Screenshot-2022-01-28-at-11.29.27-1024x554.png)

Save to apply all changes.

![](/_images/doc2/Screenshot-2022-01-28-at-11.30.25-1024x554.png)

Once everything is correct the document can be validated and exported.

Commit message:

Changes to description und tags

docs/doc2/pomatching/po-matching-delivery-notes.md, after:

---
title: "PO Matching - Delivery Notes"
description: If quantity of the ordered item(s) does not match the quantity on the invoice you need to start the match with received Delivery Note by uploading it in DOC²
date: "2022-01-24"
tags:
  - DOC²
  - PO Matching 
  - Delivery Notes
---

+++DOCUMENTATION IN PROGRESS+++

If quantity of the ordered item(s) does not match the quantity on the invoice you need to start the match with received Delivery Note.

## Upload the Delivery Note in DOC2

![](/_images/doc2/DOC²_Dashboard_DeliveryNote-1024x501.png)

Here you will also find the red symbol, because the quantity on the delivery note does not match the quantity of the purchase order.

![](/_images/doc2/Screenshot-2022-01-26-at-18.02.16-1024x89.png)

Access the matching overview by clicking on the Matching Symbol on the dashboard.

![](/_images/doc2/DOC²_deliverynote_POmatching_after-field-validation-1024x557.png)

Or by choosing PO Matching in the lower right corner when you have opened the document.

![](/_images/doc2/DOC²_Matching_Overview-1024x556.png)

The matches can now be corrected:  
  
The “x” would delete the match on the invoice.  
  
A new match from the purchase order can be added to the delivery note by dragging and dropping the appropriate data row(s).

![](/_images/doc2/Screenshot-2022-01-28-at-11.25.58-1024x640.png)

![](/_images/doc2/Screenshot-2022-01-28-at-11.29.27-1024x554.png)

Save to apply all changes.

![](/_images/doc2/Screenshot-2022-01-28-at-11.30.25-1024x554.png)

Once everything is correct the document can be validated and exported.
