docs/nodes/credentials/Hubspot/README.md, before:

---
permalink: /credentials/hubspot
description: Learn to configure credentials for the HubSpot node in n8n
---

# HubSpot

You can use these credentials to authenticate the following nodes with HubSpot.
- [HubSpot](../../nodes-library/nodes/HubSpot/README.md)
- [HubSpot Trigger](../../nodes-library/trigger-nodes/HubSpotTrigger/README.md)

## Prerequisites

Create a [HubSpot](https://www.hubspot.com/) account.

## Using OAuth

::: tip ⛅️ Note for n8n.cloud users
You'll only need to enter the Credentials Name and click on the circle button in the OAuth section to connect your HubSpot account to n8n.
:::

::: warning ⚠ HubSpot old accounts
Some HubSpot accounts don't have access to all the scopes. HubSpot is migrating accounts gradually. If you can't' find all the scopes in your current HubSpot developer account, try creating a fresh developer account.
:::

1. Access your [HubSpot Developer Home](https://developers.hubspot.com/).
2. Click on the **Manage apps** button.
3. Click on the **Create app** button in the top right.
4. Specify an app name in the **Public app name** field.
5. Click on the 'Auth' tab.
6. Use the provided **Client ID** and the **Client secret** with your HubSpot OAuth2 API credentials in n8n.
7. If you are using the [HubSpot Trigger](../../nodes-library/trigger-nodes/HubSpotTrigger/README.md) node, copy the **App ID** along with the information in the previous step.
8. Copy your OAuth Callback URL from the 'Create New Credentials' screen in n8n and paste in the **Redirect URL** section.
9. In the Scopes section, select the following scopes in the **Find a scope** search box:
    * Trigger node:
        * oauth
        * crm.objects.contacts (read),
        * crm.schemas.contacts (read),
        * crm.objects.companies (read),
        * crm.schemas.companies (read),
        * crm.objects.deals (read),
        * crm.schemas.deals (read),
    * Regular node:
        * oauth
        * crm.schemas.deals (read),
        * crm.objects.owners (read),
        * crm.objects.contacts (write),
        * crm.objects.companies (write),
        * crm.objects.companies (read),
        * crm.objects.deals (read),
        * crm.schemas.contacts (read),
        * crm.objects.deals (write),
        * crm.objects.contacts (read),
        * crm.schemas.companies (read),
        * forms,
        * tickets,
11. Click on the **Save** button to save your settings in HubSpot.
12. Back in n8n, click on the circle button in the OAuth section to connect your HubSpot account to n8n.
13. Click the **Save** button to save your credentials.


## Using API key

1. Access your HubSpot dashboard.
2. Click on the gear icon on the top right.
3. Click on **Integrations** and then **API key**.
4. Click on the **Create key** button.
5. Use the key with HubSpot node credentials in n8n.


## Using Developer API Key (for HubSpot Trigger node)

1. Access your [HubSpot Developer Home](https://developers.hubspot.com/).
2. Click on **Apps** in the top bar.
3. Click on the **Get HubSpot API key** button.
4. Click on the **Show key** button.
5. Use the displayed Developer API key with your HubSpot Trigger node credentials in n8n.

Commit message:

:books: add hubspot app token documentation

docs/nodes/credentials/Hubspot/README.md, after:

---
permalink: /credentials/hubspot
description: Learn to configure credentials for the HubSpot node in n8n
---

# HubSpot

You can use these credentials to authenticate the following nodes with HubSpot.
- [HubSpot](../../nodes-library/nodes/HubSpot/README.md)
- [HubSpot Trigger](../../nodes-library/trigger-nodes/HubSpotTrigger/README.md)

## Prerequisites

Create a [HubSpot](https://www.hubspot.com/) account.

## Using OAuth

::: tip ⛅️ Note for n8n.cloud users
You'll only need to enter the Credentials Name and click on the circle button in the OAuth section to connect your HubSpot account to n8n.
:::

::: warning ⚠ HubSpot old accounts
Some HubSpot accounts don't have access to all the scopes. HubSpot is migrating accounts gradually. If you can't' find all the scopes in your current HubSpot developer account, try creating a fresh developer account.
:::

1. Access your [HubSpot Developer Home](https://developers.hubspot.com/).
2. Click on the **Manage apps** button.
3. Click on the **Create app** button in the top right.
4. Specify an app name in the **Public app name** field.
5. Click on the 'Auth' tab.
6. Use the provided **Client ID** and the **Client secret** with your HubSpot OAuth2 API credentials in n8n.
7. If you are using the [HubSpot Trigger](../../nodes-library/trigger-nodes/HubSpotTrigger/README.md) node, copy the **App ID** along with the information in the previous step.
8. Copy your OAuth Callback URL from the 'Create New Credentials' screen in n8n and paste in the **Redirect URL** section.
9. In the Scopes section, select the following scopes in the **Find a scope** search box:
    * Trigger node:
        * oauth
        * crm.objects.contacts (read),
        * crm.schemas.contacts (read),
        * crm.objects.companies (read),
        * crm.schemas.companies (read),
        * crm.objects.deals (read),
        * crm.schemas.deals (read),
    * Regular node:
        * oauth
        * crm.schemas.deals (read),
        * crm.objects.owners (read),
        * crm.objects.contacts (write),
        * crm.objects.companies (write),
        * crm.objects.companies (read),
        * crm.objects.deals (read),
        * crm.schemas.contacts (read),
        * crm.objects.deals (write),
        * crm.objects.contacts (read),
        * crm.schemas.companies (read),
        * forms,
        * tickets,
11. Click on the **Save** button to save your settings in HubSpot.
12. Back in n8n, click on the circle button in the OAuth section to connect your HubSpot account to n8n.
13. Click the **Save** button to save your credentials.


## Using API key

1. Access your HubSpot dashboard.
2. Click on the gear icon on the top right.
3. Click on **Integrations** and then **API key**.
4. Click on the **Create key** button.
5. Use the key with HubSpot node credentials in n8n.


## Using APP Token

1. Follow the instructions on the [Private Apps Documentation](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/api/private-apps)
2. Use the key with HubSpot node credentials in n8n.


## Using Developer API Key (for HubSpot Trigger node)

1. Access your [HubSpot Developer Home](https://developers.hubspot.com/).
2. Click on **Apps** in the top bar.
3. Click on the **Get HubSpot API key** button.
4. Click on the **Show key** button.
5. Use the displayed Developer API key with your HubSpot Trigger node credentials in n8n.
