docs/nodes/nodes-library/nodes/Mailchimp/README.md, before:

# Mailchimp

[Mailchimp](https://mailchimp.com/) is an integrated marketing platform that allows business owners to automate their email campaigns and track user engagement.

The instructions for authenticating with Mailchimp are [here](../../../credentials/MailChimp).

## Basic Operations

- Create, delete, update, and get users on your marketing lists.
- Add and delete user tags on your marketing list.

## Example Usage

This workflow demonstrates creating a new member for a list. You can also [find Mailchimp workflows on this website](https://n8n.io/integrations/n8n-nodes-base.mailchimp). This example usage workflow uses the following two nodes.

- [Start](../../core-nodes/Start)
- Mailchimp

The final workflow should look like the following image.

![A workflow with the Mailchimp node](https://i.imgur.com/N5GENUn.png)

### 1. Start node

The start node exists by default when you create a new workflow.

### 2. Mailchimp Node

1. First, ensure that you have entered authentication credentials through [this tutorial](../../../credentials/MailChimp).
2. To create a member, select the Member option under the *Resource* field.
3. Select the Create option in the *Operation* field.
4. Choose the list you want to add to under the *List* field.
5. Enter the email address of the user to the *Email* field.
6. Choose their status in the *Status* field.
7. If you want to enter optional fields such as the user's lat/long location or their Name and Birthday as JSON data, then select the JSON parameters. Otherwise, optionally enter in this data through the dropdowns below.
8. Other operations involve a similar workflow, but let us know if anything is unclear!

Commit message:

Elaborated on basic operations, fixed workflow link, and changed last instruction

docs/nodes/nodes-library/nodes/Mailchimp/README.md, after:

# Mailchimp

[Mailchimp](https://mailchimp.com/) is an integrated marketing platform that allows business owners to automate their email campaigns and track user engagement.

The instructions for authenticating with Mailchimp are [here](../../../credentials/MailChimp).

## Basic Operations

* Member
	- Create a new member on the list.
	- Delete a member on the list.
	- Get a member on the list.
	- Get all members on a list.
	- Update a new member on the list.
* Member Tag
	- Add tags from a list member.
	- Remove tags from a list member.

## Example Usage

This workflow demonstrates creating a new member for a list. You can also find the [workflow](https://n8n.io/workflows/413) on this website. This example usage workflow uses the following two nodes.

- [Start](../../core-nodes/Start)
- Mailchimp

The final workflow should look like the following image.

![A workflow with the Mailchimp node](https://i.imgur.com/N5GENUn.png)

### 1. Start node

The start node exists by default when you create a new workflow.

### 2. Mailchimp Node

1. First, ensure that you have entered authentication credentials through [this tutorial](../../../credentials/MailChimp).
2. To create a member, select the Member option under the *Resource* field.
3. Select the Create option in the *Operation* field.
4. Choose the list you want to add to under the *List* field.
5. Enter the email address of the user to the *Email* field.
6. Choose their status in the *Status* field.
7. If you want to enter optional fields such as the user's lat/long location or their Name and Birthday as JSON data, then select the JSON parameters. Otherwise, optionally enter in this data through the dropdowns below.
8. Click on *Execute Node* to run the workflow.
