docs/getting-started/tutorials.md, before:

# Tutorials

## Blogposts

- [Automating Conference Organization Processes with n8n](https://medium.com/n8n-io/automating-conference-organization-processes-with-n8n-ab8f64a7a520)
- [Automate Designs with Bannerbear and n8n](https://medium.com/n8n-io/automate-designs-with-bannerbear-and-n8n-2b64c94b54db)
- [Creating Custom Incident Response Workflows with n8n 🚨](https://medium.com/n8n-io/creating-custom-incident-response-workflows-with-n8n-9baef0bbedb9)
- [Creating Error Workflows in n8n 🌪](https://medium.com/n8n-io/creating-error-workflows-in-n8n-6e03c9ecbc0f)
- [Creating scheduled text affirmations with n8n 🤟](https://medium.com/n8n-io/creating-scheduled-text-affirmations-with-n8n-1c4189efae19)
- [Creating Telegram Bots with n8n, a No-Code Platform](https://medium.com/n8n-io/creating-telegram-bots-with-n8n-a-no-code-platform-fdf1f0928da7)
- [Cross-posting content automatically with n8n ✍️](https://medium.com/n8n-io/automating-cross-posting-blog-posts-using-n8n-%EF%B8%8F-af2a89601810)
- [Database Monitoring and Alerting with n8n 📡](https://medium.com/n8n-io/database-monitoring-and-alerting-with-n8n-f5082df7bdb2)
- [Effortless video collaboration with Whereby, Mattermost, and n8n 📹](https://medium.com/n8n-io/effortless-video-collaboration-with-whereby-mattermost-and-n8n-8fc397feb9cb)
- [Giving kudos to contributors with GitHub, Slack, and n8n 👏](https://medium.com/n8n-io/effortless-video-collaboration-with-whereby-mattermost-and-n8n-8fc397feb9cb)
- [HTTP Request Node — The Swiss Army Knife](https://medium.com/n8n-io/http-request-node-the-swiss-army-knife-b14e22283383)
- [Smart Factory Automation using IoT and Sensor Data with n8n 🏭](https://medium.com/n8n-io/smart-factory-automation-using-iot-and-sensor-data-with-n8n-27675de9943b)
- [Tracking Time Spent in Meetings With Google Calendar, Twilio, and n8n 🗓](https://medium.com/n8n-io/tracking-time-spent-in-meetings-with-google-calendar-twilio-and-n8n-a5d00f77da8c)
- [Webhooks Fun with n8n and Mattermost 🍸](https://medium.com/n8n-io/webhooks-fun-with-n8n-and-mattermost-4ebf7e2b4d2a)


## Videos

- [Slack Notification on Github Star](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3w7xIMKLVAg)
- [Typeform to Google Sheet and Slack or Email](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rn3-d4IiW44)


## Community tutorials

- [n8n basics 1/3 - Getting Started](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIaxjH2CyFc)
- [n8n basics 2/3 - Simple Workflow](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovlxledZfM4)
- [n8n basics 3/3 - Transforming JSON](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGAEAcfwV8w)
- [n8n nodes - Using Google Sheets and Google API](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KFqx8OmkqVE)

Commit message:

Update tutorials.md adding Raspberry PI guide (#160)
* Update tutorials.md

* Revert "Update tutorials.md"

This reverts commit 62a4f4e7918e332416b80de86d63f4c7d8444b07.

* Adding Raspberry PI tutorial to install and use n8n

Add to tutorials reference to guide on installing n8n in Raspberry PI and creating a simple workflow monitoring board temperature with email alerts

docs/getting-started/tutorials.md, after:

# Tutorials

## Blogposts

- [Automating Conference Organization Processes with n8n](https://medium.com/n8n-io/automating-conference-organization-processes-with-n8n-ab8f64a7a520)
- [Automate Designs with Bannerbear and n8n](https://medium.com/n8n-io/automate-designs-with-bannerbear-and-n8n-2b64c94b54db)
- [Creating Custom Incident Response Workflows with n8n 🚨](https://medium.com/n8n-io/creating-custom-incident-response-workflows-with-n8n-9baef0bbedb9)
- [Creating Error Workflows in n8n 🌪](https://medium.com/n8n-io/creating-error-workflows-in-n8n-6e03c9ecbc0f)
- [Creating scheduled text affirmations with n8n 🤟](https://medium.com/n8n-io/creating-scheduled-text-affirmations-with-n8n-1c4189efae19)
- [Creating Telegram Bots with n8n, a No-Code Platform](https://medium.com/n8n-io/creating-telegram-bots-with-n8n-a-no-code-platform-fdf1f0928da7)
- [Cross-posting content automatically with n8n ✍️](https://medium.com/n8n-io/automating-cross-posting-blog-posts-using-n8n-%EF%B8%8F-af2a89601810)
- [Database Monitoring and Alerting with n8n 📡](https://medium.com/n8n-io/database-monitoring-and-alerting-with-n8n-f5082df7bdb2)
- [Effortless video collaboration with Whereby, Mattermost, and n8n 📹](https://medium.com/n8n-io/effortless-video-collaboration-with-whereby-mattermost-and-n8n-8fc397feb9cb)
- [Giving kudos to contributors with GitHub, Slack, and n8n 👏](https://medium.com/n8n-io/effortless-video-collaboration-with-whereby-mattermost-and-n8n-8fc397feb9cb)
- [HTTP Request Node — The Swiss Army Knife](https://medium.com/n8n-io/http-request-node-the-swiss-army-knife-b14e22283383)
- [Smart Factory Automation using IoT and Sensor Data with n8n 🏭](https://medium.com/n8n-io/smart-factory-automation-using-iot-and-sensor-data-with-n8n-27675de9943b)
- [Tracking Time Spent in Meetings With Google Calendar, Twilio, and n8n 🗓](https://medium.com/n8n-io/tracking-time-spent-in-meetings-with-google-calendar-twilio-and-n8n-a5d00f77da8c)
- [Webhooks Fun with n8n and Mattermost 🍸](https://medium.com/n8n-io/webhooks-fun-with-n8n-and-mattermost-4ebf7e2b4d2a)


## Videos

- [Slack Notification on Github Star](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3w7xIMKLVAg)
- [Typeform to Google Sheet and Slack or Email](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rn3-d4IiW44)


## Community tutorials

- [Install n8n in Raspberry PI and Create your First Workflow Monitoring CPU Temperature With Email Alerts](https://peppe8o.com/how-to-use-n8n-and-raspberry-pi-to-create-workflows-and-automate-apis/)
- [n8n basics 1/3 - Getting Started](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIaxjH2CyFc)
- [n8n basics 2/3 - Simple Workflow](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovlxledZfM4)
- [n8n basics 3/3 - Transforming JSON](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGAEAcfwV8w)
- [n8n nodes - Using Google Sheets and Google API](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KFqx8OmkqVE)
