docs/nodes/nodes-library/core-nodes/ErrorTrigger/README.md, before:

---
permalink: /nodes/n8n-nodes-base.errorTrigger
description: Learn how to use the Error Trigger node in n8n
---

# Error Trigger

The Error Trigger node triggers a workflow when another workflow has an error. Once a workflow fails, this node gets details about the failed workflow and the errors. This triggers the error workflow.

::: tip 💡 Keep in mind
1. If a workflow is using the Error Trigger node, you don't have to activate the workflow.
2. If you want to receive error messages for a workflow, make sure that you select the 'Error Workflow' in the ***Workflow Settings*** for the workflow.
3. If a workflow is using the Error Trigger node, by default, the workflow will use itself as the Error Workflow.
:::

## Example Usage

This workflow allows you to send an SMS when a workflow fails. You can also find the [workflow](https://n8n.io/workflows/665) on n8n.io. This example usage workflow would use the following nodes.
- [Error Trigger]()
- [Twilio](../../../nodes-library/nodes/Twilio/README.md)

The final workflow should look like the following image.

![A workflow with the Error Trigger node](./workflow.png)

### 1. Error Trigger node

This node will execute when an error occurs.

### 2. Twilio node (send: sms)

1. First of all, you'll have to enter credentials for the Twilio node. You can find out how to do that [here](../../../credentials/Twilio/README.md).
2. Enter the Twilio phone number in the ***From*** field.
3. Enter the receiver's phone number in the ***To*** field.
4. Click on the gears icon next to the ***Message*** field and click on ***Add Expression***.
::: v-pre
5. Enter `Your workflow with ID: {{$node["Error Trigger"].json["workflow"]["id"]}} and name: {{$node["Error Trigger"].json["workflow"]["name"]}} failed to execute.` in the ***Expression*** field.
6. The node will execute when the Error Trigger node is triggered.
:::


## FAQs

### How to set an error workflow for an n8n workflow?

Let's say we want to get a notification every time **Workflow A** fails. Create a new workflow, **Workflow B**. Add an Error Trigger node and set **Workflow B** as the error workflow for **Workflow A** by following these steps.
- Open **Workflow A**.
- Click on ***Workflows*** in the left menu and select 'Settings' from the dropdown list.
- Select **Workflow B** from the ***Error Workflow*** dropdown list.
- Click on the ***Save*** button.

### Can we send a custom error message?

The Error Trigger node sends the actual error message thrown by the workflow. You can use this information as shown in the [Example Usage](#example-usage) section as well as send a custom error message like in the Twilio node. However, you cannot send a custom error message to the Error Trigger node.

### How do we call the Error Workflow manually?

There is currently no functionality to call an Error Workflow manually.

## Further Reading

<FurtherReadingBlog />

Commit message:

Update Error Workflow
I spent a good deal of time trying to understand why the error trigger node wasn't working and after a lot of poking around in the forums, found this message from Harshil that it works / triggers only when the workflows are executed automatically. Not sure why this critical information is missing in the documentation. I can see a lot of questions in the forums regarding the "error trigger node" not working.

docs/nodes/nodes-library/core-nodes/ErrorTrigger/README.md, after:

---
permalink: /nodes/n8n-nodes-base.errorTrigger
description: Learn how to use the Error Trigger node in n8n
---

# Error Trigger

The Error Trigger node triggers a workflow when another workflow has an error. Once a workflow fails, this node gets details about the failed workflow and the errors. This triggers the error workflow.

::: tip 💡 Keep in mind
1. If a workflow is using the Error Trigger node, you don't have to activate the workflow.
2. If you want to receive error messages for a workflow, make sure that you select the 'Error Workflow' in the ***Workflow Settings*** for the workflow.
3. If a workflow is using the Error Trigger node, by default, the workflow will use itself as the Error Workflow.
4. The Error Trigger node is designed to get triggered ONLY when the workflows execute automatically which means you will not be able to test this while running the workflows manually.
:::

## Example Usage

This workflow allows you to send an SMS when a workflow fails. You can also find the [workflow](https://n8n.io/workflows/665) on n8n.io. This example usage workflow would use the following nodes.
- [Error Trigger]()
- [Twilio](../../../nodes-library/nodes/Twilio/README.md)

The final workflow should look like the following image.

![A workflow with the Error Trigger node](./workflow.png)

### 1. Error Trigger node

This node will execute when an error occurs.

### 2. Twilio node (send: sms)

1. First of all, you'll have to enter credentials for the Twilio node. You can find out how to do that [here](../../../credentials/Twilio/README.md).
2. Enter the Twilio phone number in the ***From*** field.
3. Enter the receiver's phone number in the ***To*** field.
4. Click on the gears icon next to the ***Message*** field and click on ***Add Expression***.
::: v-pre
5. Enter `Your workflow with ID: {{$node["Error Trigger"].json["workflow"]["id"]}} and name: {{$node["Error Trigger"].json["workflow"]["name"]}} failed to execute.` in the ***Expression*** field.
6. The node will execute when the Error Trigger node is triggered.
:::


## FAQs

### How to set an error workflow for an n8n workflow?

Let's say we want to get a notification every time **Workflow A** fails. Create a new workflow, **Workflow B**. Add an Error Trigger node and set **Workflow B** as the error workflow for **Workflow A** by following these steps.
- Open **Workflow A**.
- Click on ***Workflows*** in the left menu and select 'Settings' from the dropdown list.
- Select **Workflow B** from the ***Error Workflow*** dropdown list.
- Click on the ***Save*** button.

### Can we send a custom error message?

The Error Trigger node sends the actual error message thrown by the workflow. You can use this information as shown in the [Example Usage](#example-usage) section as well as send a custom error message like in the Twilio node. However, you cannot send a custom error message to the Error Trigger node.

### How do we call the Error Workflow manually?

There is currently no functionality to call an Error Workflow manually.

## Further Reading

<FurtherReadingBlog />
