docs/nodes/credentials/SentryIo/README.md, before:

---
permalink: /credentials/sentryIo
---

# Sentry.io

You can use these credentials to authenticate the following nodes with Sentry.io.
- [Sentry.io](../../nodes-library/nodes/SentryIo/README.md)

## Prerequisites

Create a [Sentry.io](https://sentry.io/) account.

## Using OAuth

1. Access your [Sentry.io Applications Page](https://sentry.io/settings/account/api/applications/).
2. Click on the ***Create New Application*** button in the top right.
3. Enter a name in the ***Name*** field.
4. Copy the 'OAuth Callback URL' provided in the 'Sentry.io OAuth2 API' credentials in n8n and paste it in the ***Authorized Redirect URIs*** field in the *Sentry.io Application Details* page.
5. Use the displayed ***Client ID*** and ***Client Secret*** with your Sentry.io OAuth2 API credentials in n8n.
6. Click on the circle button in the OAuth section to connect a Sentry.io account to n8n.
7. Click on the ***Save*** button to save your credentials.

![Getting Sentry.io OAuth credentials](./using-oauth.gif)


## Using Access Token

1. Access your [Sentry.io Auth Tokens page](https://sentry.io/settings/account/api/auth-tokens/).
2. Click on the ***Create New Token*** button in the top right.
3. Select any scopes you plan to use and then click on ***Create Token***.
4. Use the generated access token with your Sentry.io API credentials in n8n.
5. Click on the ***Save*** button to save your credentials.

![Getting Sentry.io access token](./using-access-token.gif)

Commit message:

:hammer: Add notice for cloud users in credentials

docs/nodes/credentials/SentryIo/README.md, after:

---
permalink: /credentials/sentryIo
---

# Sentry.io

You can use these credentials to authenticate the following nodes with Sentry.io.
- [Sentry.io](../../nodes-library/nodes/SentryIo/README.md)

## Prerequisites

Create a [Sentry.io](https://sentry.io/) account.

## Using OAuth

::: tip ⛅️ Note for n8n.cloud users
You'll only need to enter the Credentials Name and click on the circle button in the OAuth section to connect your Sentry.io account to n8n.
:::

1. Access your [Sentry.io Applications Page](https://sentry.io/settings/account/api/applications/).
2. Click on the ***Create New Application*** button in the top right.
3. Enter a name in the ***Name*** field.
4. Copy the 'OAuth Callback URL' provided in the 'Sentry.io OAuth2 API' credentials in n8n and paste it in the ***Authorized Redirect URIs*** field in the *Sentry.io Application Details* page.
5. Use the displayed ***Client ID*** and ***Client Secret*** with your Sentry.io OAuth2 API credentials in n8n.
6. Click on the circle button in the OAuth section to connect a Sentry.io account to n8n.
7. Click on the ***Save*** button to save your credentials.

![Getting Sentry.io OAuth credentials](./using-oauth.gif)


## Using Access Token

1. Access your [Sentry.io Auth Tokens page](https://sentry.io/settings/account/api/auth-tokens/).
2. Click on the ***Create New Token*** button in the top right.
3. Select any scopes you plan to use and then click on ***Create Token***.
4. Use the generated access token with your Sentry.io API credentials in n8n.
5. Click on the ***Save*** button to save your credentials.

![Getting Sentry.io access token](./using-access-token.gif)
