docs/nodes/credentials/CustomerIo/README.md, before:

---
permalink: /credentials/customerIo
description: Learn to configure credentials for the Customer.io node in n8n
---

# Customer.io

You can use these credentials to authenticate the following nodes with Customer.io.
- [Customer.io](../../nodes-library/nodes/CustomerIo/README.md)
- [Customer.io Trigger](../../nodes-library/trigger-nodes/CustomerIoTrigger/README.md)

## Prerequisites

Create a [Customer.io](https://customer.io/) account.

## Using Access Token

1. Open your Customer.io dashboard.
2. Click on the user icon in the top right and select ***Account settings***.
3. Click on ***API Credentials***.
4. Click on the ***Create Tracking API Key*** button.
5. Enter a name for the Tracking API Key in the ***Name*** field, select a workspace, and click on the ***Create Tracking API Key*** button.
6. Use the displayed ***Site ID*** and ***API Key*** with your Customer.io API credentials in n8n.
7. Next, click on the ***App API Keys*** tab in the 'Manage API Credentials' page.
8. Click on the ***Create App API Key*** button.
9. Enter a name for the App API Key in the ***Name*** field, select a workspace, and click on  the ***Create App API Key*** button.
10. Use the displayed API Key with your Customer.io API credentials in n8n.
11. Click on the ***Save*** button to save your credentials.

![Getting Customer.io credentials](./using-access-token.gif)

Commit message:

⚡ Update instructions, add FAQ and video

docs/nodes/credentials/CustomerIo/README.md, after:

---
permalink: /credentials/customerIo
description: Learn to configure credentials for the Customer.io node in n8n
---

# Customer.io

You can use these credentials to authenticate the following nodes with Customer.io.
- [Customer.io](../../nodes-library/nodes/CustomerIo/README.md)
- [Customer.io Trigger](../../nodes-library/trigger-nodes/CustomerIoTrigger/README.md)

## Prerequisites

Create a [Customer.io](https://customer.io/) account.

## Using Access Token

1. Open your Customer.io [dashboard](https://fly.customer.io).
2. Click on the user icon in the top right and select ***Account settings***.
3. Click on ***API Credentials***.
4. Click on the ***Create Tracking API Key*** button.
5. Enter a name for the Tracking API Key in the ***Name***.
6. Select a workspace from the ***Workspace*** dropdown list.
7. Click on the ***Create Tracking API Key*** button.
8. Copy the displayed 'Site ID'.
9. Enter the name for your credentials in the ***Credentials Name*** field in the 'Customer.io API' credentials in n8n.
10. Paste the Site ID in the ***Tracking Site ID*** field in the 'Customer.io API' credentials in n8n.
11. Copy the 'API Key' from the Manage API Credentials page.
12. Paste the API key in the ***Tracking API Key*** field in the 'Customer.io API' credentials in n8n.
13. Click on the ***App API Keys*** tab on the Manage API Credentials page.
14. Click on the ***Create App API Key*** button.
15. Enter a name for the App API Key in the ***Name*** field.
16. Select a workspace from the ***Workspace*** dropdown list.
17. Click on the ***Create App API Key*** button.
18. Copy the displayed API key.
19. Paste the API key in the ***App API Key*** field in the 'Customer.io API' credentials in n8n.
20. Click on the ***Create*** button to create your credentials.

The following video demonstrates the steps mentioned above.

<div class="video-container">
<iframe width="840" height="472.5" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/LAFExR62-VA" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## FAQs

### Why do I need the Tracking API Key and the App API Key?

Customer.io uses different API Keys for different endpoints. Based on the operation you want to perform, n8n uses the correct API key to connect to your Customer.io account.
