docs/nodes/nodes-library/nodes/Kafka/README.md, before:

---
permalink: /nodes/n8n-nodes-base.kafka
description: Learn how to use the Kafka node in n8n
---

# Kafka

[Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org/) is an open-source distributed event streaming platform that one can use for high-performance data pipelines, streaming analytics, data integration, and mission-critical applications.

::: tip 🔑 Credentials
You can find authentication information for this node [here](../../../credentials/Kafka/README.md).
:::

## Basic Operations

- Send message

## Example Usage

This workflow allows you to send updates about the position of the ISS every minute to a topic in Kafka using the Kafka node. You can also find the [workflow](https://n8n.io/workflows/750) on n8n.io. This example usage workflow uses the following nodes.
- [Cron](../../core-nodes/Cron/README.md)
- [HTTP Request](../../core-nodes/HTTPRequest/README.md)
- [Set](../../core-nodes/Set/README.md)
- [Kafka]()

The final workflow should look like the following image.

![A workflow with the Kafka node](./workflow.png)

### 1. Cron node

The Cron node will trigger the workflow every minute.

1. Click on ***Add Cron Time***.
2. Select 'Every Minute' from the ***Mode*** dropdown list.
3. Click on ***Execute Node*** to run the node.

In the screenshot below, you will notice that the Cron node is configured to trigger the workflow every minute.

![Using the Cron node to trigger the workflow every minute](./Cron_node.png)

### 2. HTTP Request node (GET)

This node will make a GET request to the API `https://api.wheretheiss.at/v1/satellites/25544/positions` to fetch the position of the ISS. This information gets passed on to the next node in the workflow.
::: v-pre
1. Enter `https://api.wheretheiss.at/v1/satellites/25544/positions` in the ***URL*** field. 
2. Click on the ***Add Parameter*** button in the ***Query Parameters*** section.
3. Enter `timestamps` in the ***Name*** field.
4. Click on the gears icon next to the ***Value*** field and click on ***Add Expression***.
5. Enter the following expression: `{{Date.now()}}`. This expression will return the current timestamp.
6. Click on ***Execute Node*** to run the node.
:::
In the screenshot below, you will notice that the node makes a GET request to the API and returns the information about the location of the ISS.

![Using the HTTP Request node to get the information about the location of the ISS](./HTTPRequest_node.png)

### 3. Set node

We will use the Set node to ensure that only the data that we set in this node gets passed on to the next nodes in the workflow.
::: v-pre
1. Click on ***Add Value*** and select 'String' from the dropdown list.
2. Enter `Name` in the ***Name*** field.
3. Click on the gears icon next to the ***Value*** field and click on ***Add Expression***.
4. Select the following in the ***Variable Selector*** section: Nodes > HTTP Request > Output Data > JSON > 0 > name. You can also add the following expression: `{{$node["HTTP Request"].json["0"]["name"]}}`.
5. Click on ***Add Value*** and select 'String' from the dropdown list.
6. Enter `Latitude` in the ***Name*** field.
7. Click on the gears icon next to the ***Value*** field and click on ***Add Expression***.
8. Select the following in the ***Variable Selector*** section: Nodes > HTTP Request > Output Data > JSON > 0 > latitude. You can also add the following expression: `{{$node["HTTP Request"].json["0"]["latitude"]}}`.
9. Click on ***Add Value*** and select 'String' from the dropdown list.
10. Enter `Longitude` in the ***Name*** field.
11. Click on the gears icon next to the ***Value*** field and click on ***Add Expression***.
12. Select the following in the ***Variable Selector*** section: Nodes > HTTP Request > Output Data > JSON > 0 > longitude. You can also add the following expression: `{{$node["HTTP Request"].json["0"]["longitude"]}}`.
13. Click on ***Add Value*** and select 'String' from the dropdown list.
14. Enter `Timestamp` in the ***Name*** field.
15. Click on the gears icon next to the ***Value*** field and click on ***Add Expression***.
16. Select the following in the ***Variable Selector*** section: Nodes > HTTP Request > Output Data > JSON > 0 > timpestamp. You can also add the following expression: `{{$node["HTTP Request"].json["0"]["timestamp"]}}`.
17. Toggle ***Keep Only Set*** to `true`. We set this option to true to ensure that only the data that we have set in this node get passed on to the next nodes in the workflow.
18. Click on ***Execute Node*** to run the node.
:::
In the screenshot below, you will notice that the node uses the data from the previous node and returns the data that we set for the workflow.

![Using the Set node to set the data](./Set_node.png)

### 4. Kafka node

This node will send the data from the previous node to the `iss-position` topic in Kafka. If you have created a topic with a different name in Kafka, you can use that topic name instead.

1. First of all, you'll have to enter credentials for the Kafka node. You can find out how to do that [here](../../../credentials/Kafka/README.md).
2. Enter the name of the topic in the ***Topic*** field.
3. Click on ***Execute Node*** to run the node.

In the screenshot below, you will notice that the node sends the data from the previous node to the `iss-position` topic in Kafka.

![Using the Kafka node to send the data to a topic](./Kafka_node.png)

Commit message:

⚡ Update screenshots and add note for cron node

docs/nodes/nodes-library/nodes/Kafka/README.md, after:

---
permalink: /nodes/n8n-nodes-base.kafka
description: Learn how to use the Kafka node in n8n
---

# Kafka

[Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org/) is an open-source distributed event streaming platform that one can use for high-performance data pipelines, streaming analytics, data integration, and mission-critical applications.

::: tip 🔑 Credentials
You can find authentication information for this node [here](../../../credentials/Kafka/README.md).
:::

## Basic Operations

- Send message

## Example Usage

This workflow allows you to send updates about the position of the ISS every minute to a topic in Kafka using the Kafka node. You can also find the [workflow](https://n8n.io/workflows/750) on n8n.io. This example usage workflow uses the following nodes.
- [Cron](../../core-nodes/Cron/README.md)
- [HTTP Request](../../core-nodes/HTTPRequest/README.md)
- [Set](../../core-nodes/Set/README.md)
- [Kafka]()

The final workflow should look like the following image.

![A workflow with the Kafka node](./workflow.png)

::: tip 💡 Production
This example workflow uses the Cron node. To run it in production, save the workflow, and set ***Active*** to true.
:::

### 1. Cron node

The Cron node will trigger the workflow every minute.

1. Click on ***Add Cron Time***.
2. Select 'Every Minute' from the ***Mode*** dropdown list.
3. Click on ***Execute Node*** to run the node.

In the screenshot below, you will notice that the Cron node is configured to trigger the workflow every minute.

![Using the Cron node to trigger the workflow every minute](./Cron_node.png)

### 2. HTTP Request node (GET)

This node will make a GET request to the API `https://api.wheretheiss.at/v1/satellites/25544/positions` to fetch the position of the ISS. This information gets passed on to the next node in the workflow.
::: v-pre
1. Enter `https://api.wheretheiss.at/v1/satellites/25544/positions` in the ***URL*** field. 
2. Click on the ***Add Parameter*** button in the ***Query Parameters*** section.
3. Enter `timestamps` in the ***Name*** field.
4. Click on the gears icon next to the ***Value*** field and click on ***Add Expression***.
5. Enter the following expression: `{{Date.now()}}`. This expression will return the current timestamp.
6. Click on ***Execute Node*** to run the node.
:::
In the screenshot below, you will notice that the node makes a GET request to the API and returns the information about the location of the ISS.

![Using the HTTP Request node to get the information about the location of the ISS](./HTTPRequest_node.png)

### 3. Set node

We will use the Set node to ensure that only the data that we set in this node gets passed on to the next nodes in the workflow.
::: v-pre
1. Click on ***Add Value*** and select 'String' from the dropdown list.
2. Enter `Name` in the ***Name*** field.
3. Click on the gears icon next to the ***Value*** field and click on ***Add Expression***.
4. Select the following in the ***Variable Selector*** section: Nodes > HTTP Request > Output Data > JSON > 0 > name. You can also add the following expression: `{{$node["HTTP Request"].json["0"]["name"]}}`.
5. Click on ***Add Value*** and select 'String' from the dropdown list.
6. Enter `Latitude` in the ***Name*** field.
7. Click on the gears icon next to the ***Value*** field and click on ***Add Expression***.
8. Select the following in the ***Variable Selector*** section: Nodes > HTTP Request > Output Data > JSON > 0 > latitude. You can also add the following expression: `{{$node["HTTP Request"].json["0"]["latitude"]}}`.
9. Click on ***Add Value*** and select 'String' from the dropdown list.
10. Enter `Longitude` in the ***Name*** field.
11. Click on the gears icon next to the ***Value*** field and click on ***Add Expression***.
12. Select the following in the ***Variable Selector*** section: Nodes > HTTP Request > Output Data > JSON > 0 > longitude. You can also add the following expression: `{{$node["HTTP Request"].json["0"]["longitude"]}}`.
13. Click on ***Add Value*** and select 'String' from the dropdown list.
14. Enter `Timestamp` in the ***Name*** field.
15. Click on the gears icon next to the ***Value*** field and click on ***Add Expression***.
16. Select the following in the ***Variable Selector*** section: Nodes > HTTP Request > Output Data > JSON > 0 > timpestamp. You can also add the following expression: `{{$node["HTTP Request"].json["0"]["timestamp"]}}`.
17. Toggle ***Keep Only Set*** to `true`. We set this option to true to ensure that only the data that we have set in this node get passed on to the next nodes in the workflow.
18. Click on ***Execute Node*** to run the node.
:::
In the screenshot below, you will notice that the node uses the data from the previous node and returns the data that we set for the workflow.

![Using the Set node to set the data](./Set_node.png)

### 4. Kafka node

This node will send the data from the previous node to the `iss-position` topic in Kafka. If you have created a topic with a different name in Kafka, you can use that topic name instead.

1. First of all, you'll have to enter credentials for the Kafka node. You can find out how to do that [here](../../../credentials/Kafka/README.md).
2. Enter the name of the topic in the ***Topic*** field.
3. Click on ***Execute Node*** to run the node.

In the screenshot below, you will notice that the node sends the data from the previous node to the `iss-position` topic in Kafka.

![Using the Kafka node to send the data to a topic](./Kafka_node.png)
