docs/nodes/credentials/IMAP/README.md, before:

---
permalink: /credentials/imap
description: Learn to configure credentials for the IMAP node in n8n
---

# IMAP

You can use these credentials to authenticate the following nodes with IMAP.
- [IMAP Email](../../nodes-library/core-nodes/IMAPEmail/README.md)

## Prerequisites

Create an email account on a service with IMAP support.

## Using IMAP

1. Retrieve your login credentials and IMAP connection parameters.
2. Use the login credentials and IMAP connection parameters with your IMAP Email node credentials in n8n.
3. Click on the ***Save*** button to save your credentials.


## Using Gmail

1. Access your [Gmail](https://mail.google.com) account.
2. Click on the gears icon on the top and click on ***See all settings***.
3. Click on the ***Forwarding and POP/IMAP*** tab.
4. Under the ***IMAP access*** section, select 'Enable IMAP'.
5. Click on the ***Save Changes*** button.
6. Go to your [Google Account](https://myaccount.google.com) page.
7. Click on ***Security*** on the left sidebar.
8. Click on ***2-Step Verification*** under the ***Signing in to Google*** section.
9. Set up your 2-Step Verification method.
10. Click on ***App passwords*** under the ***Signing in to Google*** section.
11. Select 'Mail' from the ***Select app*** dropdown list.
12. Select 'Other' from the ***Select device*** dropdown list.
13. Enter a name in the text field.
14. Click on the ***GENERATE*** button.
15. Copy the displayed password.
16. In the IMAP node credentials, enter your email address in the ***User*** field. For example, `example@gmail.com`.
17. Paste the App password you copied in **Step 15** in the ***Password*** field.
18. Enter `imap.google.com` in the ***Host*** field.
19. Toggle ***SSL/TLS*** to `true`.
20. Click on ***Save*** to save your credentials.

**Note:** Before executing the node, set the ***Ignore SSL Issues*** option to true as the Gmail certificate is self-signed.

## Further Reading

- [Set up IMAP](https://support.google.com/mail/answer/7126229?hl=en)
- [Sign in with App Passwords](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/185833?hl=en)

Commit message:

⚡Add documentation for Yahoo mail

docs/nodes/credentials/IMAP/README.md, after:

---
permalink: /credentials/imap
description: Learn to configure credentials for the IMAP node in n8n
---

# IMAP

You can use these credentials to authenticate the following nodes with IMAP.
- [IMAP Email](../../nodes-library/core-nodes/IMAPEmail/README.md)

## Prerequisites

Create an email account on a service with IMAP support.

## Using IMAP

1. Retrieve your login credentials and IMAP connection parameters.
2. Use the login credentials and IMAP connection parameters with your IMAP Email node credentials in n8n.
3. Click on the ***Save*** button to save your credentials.


## Using Gmail

1. Access your [Gmail](https://mail.google.com) account.
2. Click on the gears icon on the top and click on ***See all settings***.
3. Click on the ***Forwarding and POP/IMAP*** tab.
4. Under the ***IMAP access*** section, select 'Enable IMAP'.
5. Click on the ***Save Changes*** button.
6. Go to your [Google Account](https://myaccount.google.com) page.
7. Click on ***Security*** on the left sidebar.
8. Click on ***2-Step Verification*** under the ***Signing in to Google*** section.
9. Set up your 2-Step Verification method.
10. Click on ***App passwords*** under the ***Signing in to Google*** section.
11. Select 'Mail' from the ***Select app*** dropdown list.
12. Select 'Other' from the ***Select device*** dropdown list.
13. Enter a name in the text field.
14. Click on the ***GENERATE*** button.
15. Copy the displayed password.
16. In the IMAP node credentials, enter your email address in the ***User*** field. For example, `example@gmail.com`.
17. Paste the App password you copied in **Step 15** in the ***Password*** field.
18. Enter `imap.google.com` in the ***Host*** field.
19. Toggle ***SSL/TLS*** to `true`.
20. Click on ***Save*** to save your credentials.

**Note:** Before executing the node, set the ***Ignore SSL Issues*** option to true as the Gmail certificate is self-signed.

## Using Yahoo Mail

1. Open your [Yahoo Mail](https://mail.yahoo.com) account.
2. Click on your avatar on the top right and select 'Account info'.
3. Click on the ***Account security*** tab in the left sidebar.
4. Scroll down to the bottom and click on ***Generate app password***.
5. Select 'Other app' from the ***Select your app*** dropdown list.
6. Enter the name of the app in the ***Enter custom name*** field.
7. Click on the ***Generate*** button.
8. Copy the displayed password.
9. Enter the name for your credentials in the ***Credentials Name*** field in the 'IMAP' credentials in n8n.
10. Enter your email address in the ***User*** field.
11. Paste the password you copied earlier in the ***Password*** field.
12. Enter `imap.mail.yahoo.com` in the ***Host*** field.
13. Toggle ***SSL/TLS*** to `true`.
14. Click on ***Save*** to save your credentials.

## Further Reading

- [Set up IMAP for Gmail account](https://support.google.com/mail/answer/7126229?hl=en)
- [Sign in with App Passwords for your Gmail Account](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/185833?hl=en)
- [Set up IMAP for Yahoo mail account](https://help.yahoo.com/kb/sln4075.html)
- [Sign in with App Passwords for your Yahoo mail Account](https://help.yahoo.com/kb/generate-manage-third-party-passwords-sln15241.html)
