docs/nodes/nodes-library/trigger-nodes/MailchimpTrigger/README.md, before:

---
permalink: /nodes/n8n-nodes-base.mailchimpTrigger
---

# Mailchimp Trigger

[Mailchimp](https://mailchimp.com/) is an integrated marketing platform that allows business owners to automate their email campaigns and track user engagement.

::: tip 🔑 Credentials
The instructions for authenticating with Mailchimp are [here](../../../credentials/Mailchimp/README.md).
:::


## Example Usage

This workflow allows you to receive updates when Subscribe events occur in a MailChimp list. You can also find the [workflow](https://n8n.io/workflows/516) on the website. This example usage workflow would use the following node.
- [Mailchimp Trigger]()

The final workflow should look like the following image.

![A workflow with the Mailchimp Trigger node](./workflow.png)


### 1. Mailchimp Trigger node

1. First of all, you'll have to enter credentials for the Mailchimp Trigger node. You can find out how to do that [here](../../../credentials/Mailchimp/README.md).
2. Select the list you want to listen to from the *List* dropdown list.
3. Select 'Subscribe' from the *Events* dropdown list.
4. Select 'API', 'Admin', and 'User' from the *Sources* dropdown list.
5. Click on *Execute Node* to run the workflow.

Commit message:

:bug: Improve consistency for Mailchimp and Mailjet Trigger nodes (#44)

docs/nodes/nodes-library/trigger-nodes/MailchimpTrigger/README.md, after:

---
permalink: /nodes/n8n-nodes-base.mailchimpTrigger
---

# Mailchimp Trigger

[Mailchimp](https://mailchimp.com/) is an integrated marketing platform that allows business owners to automate their email campaigns and track user engagement.

::: tip 🔑 Credentials
You can find authentication information for this node [here](../../../credentials/Mailchimp/README.md).
:::


## Example Usage

This workflow allows you to receive updates when Subscribe events occur in a MailChimp list. You can also find the [workflow](https://n8n.io/workflows/516) on the website. This example usage workflow would use the following node.
- [Mailchimp Trigger]()

The final workflow should look like the following image.

![A workflow with the Mailchimp Trigger node](./workflow.png)


### 1. Mailchimp Trigger node

1. First of all, you'll have to enter credentials for the Mailchimp Trigger node. You can find out how to do that [here](../../../credentials/Mailchimp/README.md).
2. Select the list you want to listen to from the *List* dropdown list.
3. Select 'Subscribe' from the *Events* dropdown list.
4. Select 'API', 'Admin', and 'User' from the *Sources* dropdown list.
5. Click on *Execute Node* to run the workflow.
