docs/nodes/nodes-library/core-nodes/Cron/README.md, before:

---
permalink: /nodes/n8n-nodes-base.cron
description: Learn how to use the Cron node in n8n
---

# Cron

The Cron node is useful to schedule the workflows to run periodically at fixed dates, times, or intervals. This works in a similar way to the [cron](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron) software utility in Unix-like systems. This core node is a Trigger node.

::: tip 💡 Keep in mind
1. If a workflow is using the Cron node as a trigger, make sure that you save and activate the workflow.
2. Make sure that the timezone is set correctly for the n8n instance (or the workflow).
:::

You can find the example usage of the Cron node in the [Create Your First Workflow](../../../../getting-started/create-your-first-workflow/create-your-first-workflow/README.md) guide.


## Node Reference

You can configure the node by clicking on the *Add Cron Time* button under the *Trigger Times* section. There are a couple of different options available for the *Mode* field in the form of a dropdownlist.

- Mode
    - Every Minute
    - Every Hour
    - Every Day
    - Every Week
    - Every Month
    - Every X
    - Custom

The 'Every X' option allows you to specify the workflow to be triggered every x minutes or hours. You can specify x by entering a number in the *Value* field. The 'Custom' option allows you to enter a custom [cron expression](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron#CRON_expression) in the *Cron Expression* field.

## FAQs

### How to generate a custom Cron expression?

To generate a Cron expression, you can use [crontab guru](https://crontab.guru). Paste the Cron expression that you generated using crontab guru in the ***Cron Expression*** field in n8n.

## Further Reading

- [Automate Designs with Bannerbear and n8n](https://medium.com/n8n-io/automate-designs-with-bannerbear-and-n8n-2b64c94b54db)
- [Creating scheduled text affirmations with n8n 🤟](https://medium.com/n8n-io/creating-scheduled-text-affirmations-with-n8n-1c4189efae19)
- [Database Monitoring and Alerting with n8n 📡](https://medium.com/n8n-io/database-monitoring-and-alerting-with-n8n-f5082df7bdb2)
- [How to host virtual coffee breaks with n8n ☕️](https://n8n.io/blog/how-to-host-virtual-coffee-breaks-with-n8n/)
- [Tracking Time Spent in Meetings With Google Calendar, Twilio, and n8n 🗓](https://medium.com/n8n-io/tracking-time-spent-in-meetings-with-google-calendar-twilio-and-n8n-a5d00f77da8c)

Commit message:

⚡Add FAQ for Custom mode

docs/nodes/nodes-library/core-nodes/Cron/README.md, after:

---
permalink: /nodes/n8n-nodes-base.cron
description: Learn how to use the Cron node in n8n
---

# Cron

The Cron node is useful to schedule the workflows to run periodically at fixed dates, times, or intervals. This works in a similar way to the [cron](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron) software utility in Unix-like systems. This core node is a Trigger node.

::: tip 💡 Keep in mind
1. If a workflow is using the Cron node as a trigger, make sure that you save and activate the workflow.
2. Make sure that the timezone is set correctly for the n8n instance (or the workflow).
:::

You can find the example usage of the Cron node in the [Create Your First Workflow](../../../../getting-started/create-your-first-workflow/create-your-first-workflow/README.md) guide.


## Node Reference

You can configure the node by clicking on the *Add Cron Time* button under the *Trigger Times* section. There are a couple of different options available for the *Mode* field in the form of a dropdownlist.

- Mode
    - Every Minute
    - Every Hour
    - Every Day
    - Every Week
    - Every Month
    - Every X
    - Custom

The 'Every X' option allows you to specify the workflow to be triggered every x minutes or hours. You can specify x by entering a number in the *Value* field. The 'Custom' option allows you to enter a custom [cron expression](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron#CRON_expression) in the *Cron Expression* field.

## FAQs

### How to generate a custom Cron expression?

To generate a Cron expression, you can use [crontab guru](https://crontab.guru). Paste the Cron expression that you generated using crontab guru in the ***Cron Expression*** field in n8n.

### Why there are 6 asterisk (*) for the Custom mode?

The 6th asterisk in the Custom mode represents seconds. Setting this is optional. The node will execute if you don't set the value for seconds and only set 5 values.

| * | * | * | * | * | * |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|second|minute|hour|day|week|month|

If you want to trigger your workflow, for example, every day at 4 hours 8 minutes and 30 seconds, enter the following in the ***Cron Expression*** field.
```
30 8 4 * * *
```

If you want to trigger your workflow, for example, every day at 4 hours and 8 minutes, enter the following in the ***Cron Expression*** field.
```
8 4 * * *
```

## Further Reading

- [Automate Designs with Bannerbear and n8n](https://medium.com/n8n-io/automate-designs-with-bannerbear-and-n8n-2b64c94b54db)
- [Creating scheduled text affirmations with n8n 🤟](https://medium.com/n8n-io/creating-scheduled-text-affirmations-with-n8n-1c4189efae19)
- [Database Monitoring and Alerting with n8n 📡](https://medium.com/n8n-io/database-monitoring-and-alerting-with-n8n-f5082df7bdb2)
- [How to host virtual coffee breaks with n8n ☕️](https://n8n.io/blog/how-to-host-virtual-coffee-breaks-with-n8n/)
- [Tracking Time Spent in Meetings With Google Calendar, Twilio, and n8n 🗓](https://medium.com/n8n-io/tracking-time-spent-in-meetings-with-google-calendar-twilio-and-n8n-a5d00f77da8c)
