docs/README.md, before:

# Introduction

This is the documentation of [n8n](https://n8n.io/), a free and open [fair-code](http://faircode.io) licensed node-based Workflow Automation Tool.

It covers everything from setup to usage and development. It is still a work in progress and all contributions are welcome.

## What is n8n?

n8n (pronounced n-eight-n) helps you to interconnect every app with an API in the world with each other to share and manipulate its data without a single line of code. It is an easy to use, user-friendly and highly customizable service, which uses an intuitive user interface for you to design your unique workflows very fast. Hosted on your server and not based in the cloud, it keeps your sensible data very secure in your own trusted database.

## Getting started

### Install n8n

See the [Installation section](./getting-started/installation/README.md) to get started with n8n.

### Learn the basics

Before you start automating workflows with n8n, learn its key [components](getting-started/key-components/README.md) and [concepts](getting-started/key-concepts/README.md).

### Create workflows

Create your [first workflow](getting-started/create-your-first-workflow/README.md) and get inspiration for various use cases from our [blogposts](/getting-started/tutorials.md#blogposts), [videos](/getting-started/tutorials.md#videos), and [community tutorials](/getting-started/tutorials.md#community-tutorials).

Commit message:

📚 Add quickstart (#612)
* install section

* 📚 Add Quickstart guide

docs/README.md, after:

# Introduction

This is the documentation of [n8n](https://n8n.io/), a free and open [fair-code](http://faircode.io) licensed node-based Workflow Automation Tool.

It covers everything from setup to usage and development. It is still a work in progress and all contributions are welcome.

## What is n8n?

n8n (pronounced n-eight-n) helps you to interconnect every app with an API in the world with each other to share and manipulate its data without a single line of code. It is an easy to use, user-friendly and highly customizable service, which uses an intuitive user interface for you to design your unique workflows very fast. Hosted on your server and not based in the cloud, it keeps your sensible data very secure in your own trusted database.

## Getting started

### Install n8n

Jump right in with the n8n [Quickstart](./quickstart/README.md) guide, or see the [Installation section](./getting-started/installation/README.md) to learn about the available option to get started with n8n.

### Learn the basics

Before you start automating workflows with n8n, learn its key [components](getting-started/key-components/README.md) and [concepts](getting-started/key-concepts/README.md).

### Create workflows

Create your [first workflow](getting-started/create-your-first-workflow/README.md) and get inspiration for various use cases from our [blogposts](/getting-started/tutorials.md#blogposts), [videos](/getting-started/tutorials.md#videos), and [community tutorials](/getting-started/tutorials.md#community-tutorials).
