docs/reference/contributing.md, before:

# How can I contribute?

There are a couple of ways in which you can contribute to n8n, each of them very valuable to us. Here are a few of them sorted from the easiest and fastest to the harder and more time-consuming ones.
[[toc]]

## Share some love 💙

- Give n8n a star on [GitHub](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n) and [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/n8nio/n8n).
- Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/n8n_io) and [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/28491094).
- Upvote n8n on [AlternativeTo](https://alternativeto.net/software/n8n-io/) and [Alternative.me](https://alternative.me/n8n-io).
- Add n8n to your stack on [Stackshare](https://stackshare.io/n8n).


## Share your story 💌

n8n users come from a wide range of backgrounds, experience levels, and interests. We have been looking to highlight different users and their projects in our [blog posts](https://medium.com/n8n-io/tagged/interview). If you’re working with n8n and would like to inspire the community, email Tanay at tanay@n8n.io to tell your story 💌


## Help out the community 🤝

You can participate in the [forum](https://community.n8n.io/) and help the community members out with their questions.

When sharing workflows in the community forum for debugging, use code blocks. Use triple backticks (```) to wrap the workflow JSON in a code block.

The following video demonstrates the steps of sharing workflows on the community forum.

<div class="video-container">
    <iframe width="840" height="472.5" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dVC8yLqUvCE" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## Contribute a workflow 🧬

You can publish workflows on [n8n.io](https://n8n.io/workflows) to help other users to get started.

To share a workflow, follow these steps.

1. Sign in to [n8n.io](https://n8n.io/login).
2. Open the [workflows](https://n8n.io/workflows) page.
3. Click on the ***+ Share New Workflow*** button.
4. Enter the name of your workflow in the ***Name*** field. The name of a workflow makes it easy for others to understand the purpose of the workflow.
5. Enter a detailed description of the workflow in the ***Description*** field. Make sure the description contains information about the nodes used in the workflow.
6. Add a screenshot of the workflow in the description.
7. In n8n, select all the nodes in your workflow (Ctrl + A) and copy them (Ctrl + C).
8. Delete the existing code in the ***Workflow Code*** field and paste your workflow in it (Ctrl + V).
9. Click on the ***Publish Workflow to Share*** button to share your workflow.

The following video demonstrates the steps mentioned above.

<div class="video-container">
    <iframe width="840" height="472.5" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/wcoirYBEgYc" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## Contribute to the docs 📚

You can contribute to the documentation. The repository for the docs exists [here](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n-docs). You can find guidelines for the contributions to the docs [here](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n-docs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).


## Write a blogpost ✍️

We have the following process for guest contributions to our [Medium publication](https://medium.com/n8n-io):
1. Guest authors submit a pitch regarding the use-case and the workflow they want to write about in the form of an outline. Email Tanay at tanay@n8n.io to get started.
2. If the use-case and workflow seem interesting for our audience, we'll give you a green light to submit the piece.
3. After you submit the piece, one of our team members would start a first edit (we usually do this in Google docs), where they'll try running through the article to check if everything is clear and easy to follow.
4. Once all the questions or comments are resolved, we'll do a final review before publishing the article on our Medium publication.

Depending on the length of the article and the changes that might be required, there would be a bit of a back and forth and the whole process might take somewhere between a couple of days to a week or two.


## Contribute to n8n 🔨

- You can fix [issues](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n/issues) reported on GitHub. The [CONTRIBUTING guide](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) will help you get your development environment ready in minutes.
- You can add additional functionality to an existing third party integration.
- You can create an integration for a third party service. You can find more information about creating a node [here](../nodes/creating-nodes/create-node.md).
- You can also add a new feature to n8n.

Commit message:

⚡Add Facebook, G2 and Slant link

docs/reference/contributing.md, after:

# How can I contribute?

There are a couple of ways in which you can contribute to n8n, each of them very valuable to us. Here are a few of them sorted from the easiest and fastest to the harder and more time-consuming ones.
[[toc]]

## Share some love 💙

- Give n8n a star on [GitHub](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n) and [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/n8nio/n8n).
- Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/n8n_io), [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/28491094), and [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/n8nio/).
- Upvote n8n on [AlternativeTo](https://alternativeto.net/software/n8n-io/) and [Alternative.me](https://alternative.me/n8n-io).
- Add n8n to your stack on [Stackshare](https://stackshare.io/n8n).
- Write a review of n8n on [G2](https://www.g2.com/products/n8n/reviews) and [Slant](https://www.slant.co/improve/options/37977/~n8n-review).


## Share your story 💌

n8n users come from a wide range of backgrounds, experience levels, and interests. We have been looking to highlight different users and their projects in our [blog posts](https://medium.com/n8n-io/tagged/interview). If you’re working with n8n and would like to inspire the community, email Tanay at tanay@n8n.io to tell your story 💌


## Help out the community 🤝

You can participate in the [forum](https://community.n8n.io/) and help the community members out with their questions.

When sharing workflows in the community forum for debugging, use code blocks. Use triple backticks (```) to wrap the workflow JSON in a code block.

The following video demonstrates the steps of sharing workflows on the community forum.

<div class="video-container">
    <iframe width="840" height="472.5" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dVC8yLqUvCE" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## Contribute a workflow 🧬

You can publish workflows on [n8n.io](https://n8n.io/workflows) to help other users to get started.

To share a workflow, follow these steps.

1. Sign in to [n8n.io](https://n8n.io/login).
2. Open the [workflows](https://n8n.io/workflows) page.
3. Click on the ***+ Share New Workflow*** button.
4. Enter the name of your workflow in the ***Name*** field. The name of a workflow makes it easy for others to understand the purpose of the workflow.
5. Enter a detailed description of the workflow in the ***Description*** field. Make sure the description contains information about the nodes used in the workflow.
6. Add a screenshot of the workflow in the description.
7. In n8n, select all the nodes in your workflow (Ctrl + A) and copy them (Ctrl + C).
8. Delete the existing code in the ***Workflow Code*** field and paste your workflow in it (Ctrl + V).
9. Click on the ***Publish Workflow to Share*** button to share your workflow.

The following video demonstrates the steps mentioned above.

<div class="video-container">
    <iframe width="840" height="472.5" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/wcoirYBEgYc" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## Contribute to the docs 📚

You can contribute to the documentation. The repository for the docs exists [here](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n-docs). You can find guidelines for the contributions to the docs [here](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n-docs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).


## Write a blogpost ✍️

We have the following process for guest contributions to our [Medium publication](https://medium.com/n8n-io):
1. Guest authors submit a pitch regarding the use-case and the workflow they want to write about in the form of an outline. Email Tanay at tanay@n8n.io to get started.
2. If the use-case and workflow seem interesting for our audience, we'll give you a green light to submit the piece.
3. After you submit the piece, one of our team members would start a first edit (we usually do this in Google docs), where they'll try running through the article to check if everything is clear and easy to follow.
4. Once all the questions or comments are resolved, we'll do a final review before publishing the article on our Medium publication.

Depending on the length of the article and the changes that might be required, there would be a bit of a back and forth and the whole process might take somewhere between a couple of days to a week or two.


## Contribute to n8n 🔨

- You can fix [issues](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n/issues) reported on GitHub. The [CONTRIBUTING guide](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) will help you get your development environment ready in minutes.
- You can add additional functionality to an existing third party integration.
- You can create an integration for a third party service. You can find more information about creating a node [here](../nodes/creating-nodes/create-node.md).
- You can also add a new feature to n8n.
