docs/reference/faq.md, before:

# FAQ

## Integrations


### Can you create an integration for service X?

You can request new integrations to be added to our forum. There is a special section for that where
other users can also upvote it so that we know which integrations are important and should be
created next. Request a new feature [here](https://community.n8n.io/c/feature-requests/nodes).


### An integration exists already but a feature is missing. Can you add it?

Adding new functionality to an existing integration is normally not that complicated. So the chance is
high that we can do that quite fast. Post your feature request in the forum and we'll see
what we can do. Request a new feature [here](https://community.n8n.io/c/feature-requests/nodes).


### How can I create an integration myself?

Information about that can be found in the [CONTRIBUTING guide](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).


## License


### Which license does n8n use?

n8n is [fair-code](http://faircode.io) licensed under [Apache 2.0 with Commons Clause](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n/blob/master/packages/cli/LICENSE.md)


### Is n8n open-source?

No. The [Commons Clause](https://commonsclause.com) that is attached to the Apache 2.0 license takes away some rights. Hence, according to the definition of the [Open Source Initiative (OSI)](https://opensource.org/osd), n8n is not open-source. Nonetheless, the source code is open and everyone (individuals and companies) can use it for free. However, it is not allowed to make money directly with n8n. 

For instance, one cannot charge others to host or support n8n. However, to make things simpler, we grant everyone (individuals and companies) the right to offer consulting or support without prior permission as long as it is less than 30,000 USD ($30k) per annum. 
If your revenue from services based on n8n is greater than $30k per annum, we'd invite you to become a partner and apply for a license. If you have any questions about this, feel free to reach out to us at [license@n8n.io](mailto:license@n8n.io).


### Why is n8n not open-source but [fair-code](http://faircode.io) licensed instead?

We love open-source and the idea that everybody can freely use and extend what we wrote. Our community is at the heart of everything that we do and we understand that people who contribute to a project are the main drivers that push a project forward. So to make sure that the project continues to evolve and stay alive in the longer run, we decided to attach the Commons Clause. This ensures that no other person or company can make money directly with n8n. Especially if it competes with how we plan to finance our further development. For the greater majority of the people, it will not make any difference at all. At the same time, it protects the project.

As n8n itself depends on and uses a lot of other open-source projects, it is only fair that we support them back. That is why we have planned to contribute a certain percentage of revenue/profit every month to these projects. 

We have already started with the first monthly contributions via [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/n8n). It is not much yet, but we hope to be able to ramp that up substantially over time.

## n8n.cloud

### What is the IP address of n8n.cloud?

Currently it is `20.79.72.105`, however this is subject to change.

Commit message:

📚 Update re: Cloud IP address

docs/reference/faq.md, after:

# FAQ

## Integrations


### Can you create an integration for service X?

You can request new integrations to be added to our forum. There is a special section for that where
other users can also upvote it so that we know which integrations are important and should be
created next. Request a new feature [here](https://community.n8n.io/c/feature-requests/nodes).


### An integration exists already but a feature is missing. Can you add it?

Adding new functionality to an existing integration is normally not that complicated. So the chance is
high that we can do that quite fast. Post your feature request in the forum and we'll see
what we can do. Request a new feature [here](https://community.n8n.io/c/feature-requests/nodes).


### How can I create an integration myself?

Information about that can be found in the [CONTRIBUTING guide](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).


## License


### Which license does n8n use?

n8n is [fair-code](http://faircode.io) licensed under [Apache 2.0 with Commons Clause](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n/blob/master/packages/cli/LICENSE.md)


### Is n8n open-source?

No. The [Commons Clause](https://commonsclause.com) that is attached to the Apache 2.0 license takes away some rights. Hence, according to the definition of the [Open Source Initiative (OSI)](https://opensource.org/osd), n8n is not open-source. Nonetheless, the source code is open and everyone (individuals and companies) can use it for free. However, it is not allowed to make money directly with n8n. 

For instance, one cannot charge others to host or support n8n. However, to make things simpler, we grant everyone (individuals and companies) the right to offer consulting or support without prior permission as long as it is less than 30,000 USD ($30k) per annum. 
If your revenue from services based on n8n is greater than $30k per annum, we'd invite you to become a partner and apply for a license. If you have any questions about this, feel free to reach out to us at [license@n8n.io](mailto:license@n8n.io).


### Why is n8n not open-source but [fair-code](http://faircode.io) licensed instead?

We love open-source and the idea that everybody can freely use and extend what we wrote. Our community is at the heart of everything that we do and we understand that people who contribute to a project are the main drivers that push a project forward. So to make sure that the project continues to evolve and stay alive in the longer run, we decided to attach the Commons Clause. This ensures that no other person or company can make money directly with n8n. Especially if it competes with how we plan to finance our further development. For the greater majority of the people, it will not make any difference at all. At the same time, it protects the project.

As n8n itself depends on and uses a lot of other open-source projects, it is only fair that we support them back. That is why we have planned to contribute a certain percentage of revenue/profit every month to these projects. 

We have already started with the first monthly contributions via [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/n8n). It is not much yet, but we hope to be able to ramp that up substantially over time.

## n8n.cloud

### What is the IP address of n8n.cloud?

Currently it is `20.79.72.105`, however this is subject to change. Also the NAT address is `20.79.72.36`, but this is also subject to change.
Recommended practice is to whitelist `20.79.72.0/24`, but if more strict measures are needed, at minimum both `20.79.72.105` and `20.79.72.36` must be whitelisted.
