docs/reference/start-workflows-via-cli.md, before:

# CLI commands for n8n

[[toc]]

## Start a workflow

Workflows can not only be started by triggers, webhooks, or manually via the Editor. It is also possible to start them directly via the CLI.

Execute a saved workflow by its ID:

```bash
n8n execute --id <ID>
```

Execute a workflow from a workflow file:
```bash
n8n execute --file <WORKFLOW_FILE>
```

## Change the active status of a workflow

You can change the active status of a workflow via the CLI.

Set the active status of a workflow by its ID to false:

```bash
n8n update:workflow --id=<ID> --active=false
```

Set the active status of a workflow by its ID to true:

```bash
n8n update:workflow --id=<ID> --active=true
```

Set the active status to false for all the workflows:

```bash
n8n update:workflow --all --active=false
```

Set the active status to true for all the workflows:

```bash
n8n update:workflow --all --active=true
```

## Export workflows and credentials

You can export your workflows and credentials from n8n via the CLI.

There are a couple of flags available for this.

| Flag | Description |
|-------------|-------|
| --help | Help prompt. |
| --all | Exports all workflows/credentials. |
| --backup | Sets --all --pretty --separate for simple backups. Only --output has to be set additionally. |
| --id | The ID of the workflow to export. |
| --output | Outputs file name or directory if using separate files. |
| --pretty | Formats the output in an easier to read fashion. |
| --separate | Exports one file per workflow (useful for versioning). Must inform a directory via --output. |
| --decrypted | Exports the credentials in a decrypted (plain text) format. |

### Workflows

Export all your workflows to the standard output (terminal):

```bash
n8n export:workflow --all
```

Export a workflow by its ID and specify the output file name:

```bash
n8n export:workflow --id=<ID> --output=file.json
```

Export all workflows to a specific directory in a single file:

```bash
n8n export:workflow --all --output=backups/latest/
```

Export all the workflows to a specific directory using the `--backup` flag (details above):

```bash
n8n export:workflow --backup --output=backups/latest/
```

### Credentials

Export all your credentials to the standard output (terminal):

```bash
n8n export:credentials --all
```

Export credentials by their ID and specify the output file name:

```bash
n8n export:credentials --id=<ID> --output=file.json
```

Export all credentials to a specific directory in a single file:

```bash
n8n export:credentials --all --output=backups/latest/
```

Export all the credentials to a specific directory using the `--backup` flag (details above):

```bash
n8n export:credentials --backup --output=backups/latest/
```

Export all the credentials in a decrypted (plain text) format. This can be used to migrate from one installation to another that has a different secret key (in the config file).

**Note:** All sensitive information will be visible in the files.

```bash
n8n export:credentials --all --decrypted --output=backups/decrypted.json
```

## Import workflows and credentials

You can import your workflows and credentials from n8n via the CLI.

There are a couple of flags available for this.

| Flag | Description |
|-------------|-------|
| --help | Help prompt. |
| --input | Input file name or directory if --separate is used. |
| --separate | Imports *.json files from directory provided by --input. |

::: warning 💡 Migrating to different database systems
Workflow and credential names are limited to 128 characters, but SQLite does not enforce size limits correctly.

This might result in errors like `Data too long for column name` during the import process.

In this case, you can edit the names from the n8n interface and export again or edit the JSON file directly before importing.
:::


### Workflows

Import workflows from a specific file:

```bash
n8n import:workflow --input=file.json
```
Import all the workflow files (*.json) from the specified directory:

```bash
n8n import:workflow --separate --input=backups/latest/
```

### Credentials

Import credentials from a specific file:

```bash
n8n import:credentials --input=file.json
```

Import all the credentials files (*.json) from the specified directory:

```bash
n8n import:credentials --separate --input=backups/latest/
```

Commit message:

⚡ Add warning for workflow and credentials IDs

docs/reference/start-workflows-via-cli.md, after:

# CLI commands for n8n

[[toc]]

## Start a workflow

Workflows can not only be started by triggers, webhooks, or manually via the Editor. It is also possible to start them directly via the CLI.

Execute a saved workflow by its ID:

```bash
n8n execute --id <ID>
```

Execute a workflow from a workflow file:
```bash
n8n execute --file <WORKFLOW_FILE>
```

## Change the active status of a workflow

You can change the active status of a workflow via the CLI.

Set the active status of a workflow by its ID to false:

```bash
n8n update:workflow --id=<ID> --active=false
```

Set the active status of a workflow by its ID to true:

```bash
n8n update:workflow --id=<ID> --active=true
```

Set the active status to false for all the workflows:

```bash
n8n update:workflow --all --active=false
```

Set the active status to true for all the workflows:

```bash
n8n update:workflow --all --active=true
```

## Export workflows and credentials

You can export your workflows and credentials from n8n via the CLI.

There are a couple of flags available for this.

| Flag | Description |
|-------------|-------|
| --help | Help prompt. |
| --all | Exports all workflows/credentials. |
| --backup | Sets --all --pretty --separate for simple backups. Only --output has to be set additionally. |
| --id | The ID of the workflow to export. |
| --output | Outputs file name or directory if using separate files. |
| --pretty | Formats the output in an easier to read fashion. |
| --separate | Exports one file per workflow (useful for versioning). Must inform a directory via --output. |
| --decrypted | Exports the credentials in a decrypted (plain text) format. |

### Workflows

Export all your workflows to the standard output (terminal):

```bash
n8n export:workflow --all
```

Export a workflow by its ID and specify the output file name:

```bash
n8n export:workflow --id=<ID> --output=file.json
```

Export all workflows to a specific directory in a single file:

```bash
n8n export:workflow --all --output=backups/latest/
```

Export all the workflows to a specific directory using the `--backup` flag (details above):

```bash
n8n export:workflow --backup --output=backups/latest/
```

### Credentials

Export all your credentials to the standard output (terminal):

```bash
n8n export:credentials --all
```

Export credentials by their ID and specify the output file name:

```bash
n8n export:credentials --id=<ID> --output=file.json
```

Export all credentials to a specific directory in a single file:

```bash
n8n export:credentials --all --output=backups/latest/
```

Export all the credentials to a specific directory using the `--backup` flag (details above):

```bash
n8n export:credentials --backup --output=backups/latest/
```

Export all the credentials in a decrypted (plain text) format. This can be used to migrate from one installation to another that has a different secret key (in the config file).

**Note:** All sensitive information will be visible in the files.

```bash
n8n export:credentials --all --decrypted --output=backups/decrypted.json
```

::: warning 💡 Update IDs
When exporting workflows and credentials, the IDs also gets exported. In your existing database, if you have workflows and credentials with the same IDs they will get overwritten. To avoid this, delete or change the IDs before import.
:::

## Import workflows and credentials

You can import your workflows and credentials from n8n via the CLI.

There are a couple of flags available for this.

| Flag | Description |
|-------------|-------|
| --help | Help prompt. |
| --input | Input file name or directory if --separate is used. |
| --separate | Imports *.json files from directory provided by --input. |

::: warning 💡 Migrating to different database systems
Workflow and credential names are limited to 128 characters, but SQLite does not enforce size limits correctly.

This might result in errors like `Data too long for column name` during the import process.

In this case, you can edit the names from the n8n interface and export again or edit the JSON file directly before importing.
:::


### Workflows

Import workflows from a specific file:

```bash
n8n import:workflow --input=file.json
```
Import all the workflow files (*.json) from the specified directory:

```bash
n8n import:workflow --separate --input=backups/latest/
```

### Credentials

Import credentials from a specific file:

```bash
n8n import:credentials --input=file.json
```

Import all the credentials files (*.json) from the specified directory:

```bash
n8n import:credentials --separate --input=backups/latest/
```
